Do you like whales? Cause I was thinking that we couldhumpback at my place.
Do you wanna play lion tamer? It's when you get on all fours and I put my head in your mouth.
Are you a cat? Because you're purrrrrfect.
If I was a squirrel I'd store my nuts in your hole!
There are a lot of fish in the sea, but you're the only one I'd like to catch and mount back at my place
I'm the flower, you're the bee. Why don't you suck the sweet pollen right out of me?
Do you like Sea World, because you’re about to be in my splash zone
If I bear my heart and soul, can I sneak a peek at your honey pot?
If I were a rabbit, I'd jump in your hole!
Are you a dog? Because I'd like to throw you a bone.
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control cause I just saw a fox!
Do you like Eagles? Cause I can make you sore.
They call me the cat whisperer, cause I know exactly what the pussy needs.
If you were a camel, I'd hump you!
Wanna go on a picnic? Alpaca lunch.
Are you a unicorn? Because you’re my fantasy
Are you a termite? Cause you're about to have a mouth full of wood.
Do you have pet insurance? Because I'm going destroy your pussy.
I'll have the chicken breast, hold the chicken.
Baby, you're like a championship bass. I don't know whether to mount you or eat you!
It's hunting season and fox like you shouldn’t be out in the open!
If you were a farmer I would let you choke my chicken
Have you ever milked a cow before? cause your gonna need a bucket for this too.
Life's a jungle - let's go to your place and bang like animals!
If I were a dog would you help me bury my bone? 
You know, you can increase your charitable contributions by handing me your digits.
I’ve been auditing your body all night, and it is in damn fine standing.
In my office,I.R.S.' stands forI'm really sexy.'
You've got a lovely pair of W-2's.
You're entitled to a $5,000 tax break on your municipal bond income - now let's do it.
If I help you screw Uncle Sam, can I be next?
Please baby, let me withhold you.
Let's fill out a 1040 - you're a 10, and I'm 40.
I can show you exactly how to earn your income tax credit.
Let’s leave this place and get started on that additional child tax credit
Listen babe, being with me is so good it’s taxable.
You make my pants file for an extension.
Nice assets.
You're the kind of girl I could take home to mother, which is good, since I still live with her.
Technically, having sex with me is a charitable gift.
Baby, I could tax that ass all night long!
You know, my return this year was huge...like, huuuuge.
So do you file electronically around here often?
After filing today, I learned I have quite a strong flexible spending account. Are you flexible?
Baby if I take you home, it’ll be an experience you ain’t gonna be writing off anytime soon.
If 4+4=8, then me plus you equals fate.
You should have listed me as a deduction, because I’m dependent on your love.
It’s accrual world out there but I’m willing to invest in you.
How about we get out of here and appreciate each other’s assets.
What are you doing on Saturday night? Because I’m accounting on taking you out.
I think we should swap some liquid assets.
Are you my revenue? Because I’m so loss without you!
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I'm drowning in the sun and need mouth to mouth now!
I hope you know CPR, because you’re taking my breath away
Hear that? The ocean wants you to join me for a drink.
If you were a beach, I’d pick you to lay on.
Can I swim in your eyes on a hot summer day?
How was your last skinny dip? I bet I can make your next one better.
Nice beach balls, can I play?
I don't know which is prettier today, the water, the sky or your eyes.
They called me the human torpedo even before I took up swimming.
Let’s go back to my place and get out of these wet clothes.
If beauty were a grain of sand, you’d be a million beaches.
You’re a wealthy neglected housewife, I’m a pool boy. It's practically required by law that you do me.
I wanna pound you the way the ocean pounds the surf.
I wish I'd brought my towel, can I share yours? 
Girl, you're so fine you could make an impression on Monet.
Are you a Shepard Fairey poster? Because I can’t believe you don’t already belong to someone else.
At first I thought I was looking at a Monet, but you’re so much more beautiful up close.
Are you into monochrome? Because I’d love to use my charcoal to color us black and white.
Are you a medium? Because I'd like to paint you on carpet.
Are you an antiques collector? Because I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
Aren’t you the model from my figure drawing class?
Have you ever posed nude?
Call the Art Loss Register, because you just stole my heart.
If I told you I like your body of work, would you hold it against me?
Is your dad an art thief? Because you are a masterpiece.
Vincent Van Gogh out with me
You must be an artist, because I find myself drawn to you.
If I were an art critic, I'd give you a ravishing review.
I'm falling in glove with you.
I hope you're good at catching cause I'm starting to fall for you.
You're quite the catch, baby.
I'm an umpire - give me your number so I can make the call.
Are we in the bullpen? Cuz you're warming me up.
Are you in the outfield? Because you're an angel.
You know, I've never needed a third base coach to wave me home.
My dugout, or yours?
Us baseball players know our way around the bases.
I'd lay down a sacrifice for you.
I'd got to bat for you, babe.
Can I pinch hit on you?
If you date me, you'll eventually see a diamond.
If I were an enzyme, I'd be DNA helicase so I could unzip your genes.
You're so hot, you denature my proteins.
Can I be the phasor to your electron and take you to an excited state?
Are you made of Copper and Tellurium? Because you are Cu-Te
Do you have 11 protons?Cause you're Sodium fine!
Do you like Science? Because I've got my ion you!
You must be gibberelin, because I'm experiencing some stem elongation.
You make my anoxic sediments want to increase their redox potential.
Are you made of Nickel, Cerium, Arsenic and Sulfur? Because you've got a NiCe AsS!
Hey baby, will a little more alcohol catalyze this reaction?
Didn't you know that chemists do it periodically on the table?
I bet you're like calcium bicarbonate - if I get you wet, the reaction will be explosive!
Are you made of Fluorine, Iodine, and Neon?Cause you are F-I-Ne
Me and you would undergo a more energetic reaction then Potassium and water.
Are you a compound of Beryllium and Barium? Because you're a total BaBe.
I'm more attracted to you then F is attracted to an electron.
I will fondle your vesicles while you caress my golgi body.
I want to work on your leucine zipper with my zinc fingers.
If you were oxygen, I would be an alkali metal so i could get in you and explode!
We fit together like the sticky ends of recombinant DNA.
You are the photon to my photosystem: you excite my electron until I reach my reaction centre.
You're hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
If I were a neurotransmitter, I would be dopamine so I could activate your reward pathway.
Hey, wanna put your alpha helix in my beta barrel?
Hey baby, why don't you get your ligase working on my okazaki fragment and lengthen my strand.
Hey, are you an alpha carbon, because you look susceptible to backside attack!
Do you want to extract some protein from my column?
According to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
Everyone knows its not the size of the vector that matters, but the way the force is delivered.
How about me and you go back to my place and form a covalent bond?
If I was an endoplasmic reticulum, how would you want me: smooth or rough?
We can make a mess as I've hired some lysosomes to clean up after.
My hypothalamus must be secreting serotonin because baby, I want you!
I wish I was an Ion so I could form an exothermic bond with you.
You’re so cute you make my zygomaticus muscles contract.
I wish I were Adenine because then I could get paired with U.
You’re like telophase, I admire your cleavage.
Hey baby, want to form a synapse with me and exchange neurotransmitters?
Hey baby, want to form a zygote?
It’s a good thing you've got evaporative cooling, cause I’m going to make you sweat.
If I were a Shwann cell, I'd squeeze areound your axon and give you a fast action potential.
Want to be my substrate/enzyme?
If my right leg is the cell wall and my left the membrane, do you want to be the cytoplasm?
If you were a concentration gradient I'd go down on you.
If you were C6, and I were H12, all we would need is the air we breathe to be sweeter than sugar.
Whenever I am near you, I undergo anaerobic respiration because you take my breath away.
I want to stick to u like glue-cose.
You must be the one for me, since my selectively permeable membrane let you through.
Can I be your enzyme? because my active site is dying for a chemical reaction.
You give me more jolt than a mitochondria!
Right now we’re just two RNA, but maybe we could transcribe together and become DNA.
I have a smooth endoplasmic reticulum but know that I like it rough, if you know what I mean.
I also prefer my ribosomes bound tight.
Spin me round with your basal body and make sure it's turgid.
Do you like aerobic respiration as much as I do?
Do you like basketball? Because when I saw you, my D. Rose.
I'd love to take it to the hole and drop my balls in your Hoop!
If you were a basketball, I'd never pass because I want to keep you all to myself.
Do you know what the Indiana Pacers and I have in common? Solid D.
You may have heard that I'm a great ballhandler. Wanna sample my skills?
Your Jordan jersey looks nice, but I bet it'd look even nicer on my bedroom floor.
Instead of zone defense, what do you say we play some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
You be the Bulls and I'll bring the Heat!
If you were a basketball, would you let me lay you up? 
Charles Dickens might have given you Great Expectations, but I can meet them.
Are you Five People?Cause I just met you, and I'm in Heaven.
As I Lay Dying…my biggest regret was not telling you how beautiful you are.
I wanna do Wild Things wherever you Are.
I believe in The Importance of Being Earnest, so I'm just going to say it: I'm Wilde about you.
I Sense you have a lot of Sensibility. Was that too Austen-tatious of me to point out?
I'd like to end your Age of Innocence.
Are you an overdue book? Because you have fine written all over you!
I know For Whom the Bell Tolls, so why don't you call me sometime?
I spend Tuesdays with Morrie, but I want to spend every other day with you.
I'm no Jane, but I'd Eyre on the side of saying I think you're beautiful.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I'd have a Secret Garden.
Is it 451 degrees Fahrenheit in here, or is it just you?
Is your name Harriet? Cause I caught you spyin' on me.
Is your name Scarlett? Because when I saw you my heart was gone with the wind.
The Sun isn't the only thing around here that Also Rises.
Wanna go find us A Room of One's Own?
If it was 1984, and I was Big Brother, I'd only watch you.
I'd Revisit your Brideshead anytime.
I'd Fight to go to a Club with you.
Hey girl, don't be The Stranger.
I'd like to Catch 22 of you.
My friends call me Robert, but you can call me The Beowulf.
My Heart was a Lonely Huntertil I met you, girl.
I like books, you like books, why don't we start writing the story of us?
Babe, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call fine print.
Would you like to peek at my hardcover?
I have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?
I want to take your body to Wuthering Heights.
If you were a car door, I'd slam you all night long.
Would you like to lubricate my camshaft?
I'd love to jack you up and check out your undercarriage.
They say some men drive really expensive cars to compensate for a small penis... Did I mention that I drive a 1978 Ford Pinto?
Can you help me reconfigure my GPS system? I need directions to get into your pants.
Can I put my dipstick in your oil hole?
Is your battery dead? Cause I'd love to jump you.
I need some coolant, because you've got my engine overheating.
Since gas prices are so high, I think you should carpool with me to dinner tonight.
I'm lost, can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Do you mind if I check out your exhaust pipe?
Ever had sex in bucket seats?
Do you know what the difference is between you and my car? I'd love to wreck you.
My nuts are made of titanium.
Would you like to blow my headgasket?
Those are some nice headlights, but there's no need to put your highbeams on… yet.
If you were a Dodge, I'd RAM you.
Will I get a chance to pop your clutch?
Do you believe in love at first sight, or I should drive around the block one more time?
Are you Wifi? Because we sure have a connection
You're a spy? Awesome, we can go undercovers together!
Are you a good book?Cause I'd like to stay up all night in bed with you!
Are you trash? Because I would like to take you out.
Did you just fart? Because u blow me away
Hi, my name is ______, but you can call me tonight
Are you Solidworks, because sometimes I look too closely and lose myself in you.
Are you wifi? Because I feel like we've got a connection.
Hi, you dropped something. It's your standards! I'm.....
My love for you is like diving by zero, it's undefinable!
My love for you is like diarheaa, I just can't hold it in!
I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
Are you a magician? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
Good thing I have a library card so I can check you out.
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pickDo you come here often?What's your sign? orHello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
You better call Life Alert,cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
Are you a cabbage? Because I'd like to boil you and toss you in some soup.
Are you an egg? Because I'd like to crack you up with my eggcelent humor.
Are you Jupiter? Because you're giant and gassy.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
You had me atHello World.
You auto-complete me.
Was your booty forged by Sauron? Cause that shit is precious.
You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
Are you from Australia? Cause you are meeting all of my koalafications.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you've got fine written all over you.
Baby, are you Best Buy?  Because you turn my floppy disk into a hard drive.
Baby, are you an eggplant? Because 🍆
Baby, are you an archipelago?  Because I'd float through your cracks all day.
Heya, want to come back to my place and watch porn on my flatscreen mirror?
Your *face* is good!
Are you trash? Because I sure want to take you out.
This is all I've got; *hands lime* want to go out?
If a smile is a star, you're a red supergiant.
Are you ramen just out of the microwave? Because you're way too hot and I can't wait to taste you.
Are you a Dementor? Because you took my breathe away
fry me up like i'm french and eat me out
I couldn't help but notice that you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Was that cannon fire, or is it my heart pounding?
I see you’re drinking 1%. Is that ’cause you think you’re fat? ‘Cause you’re not. You could totally be drinking whole if you wanted to.
I may be the outlaw, but you're the one stealing my heart.
Someone better call life alert, cause I've fallen and I can't get up.
If you were a chicken you'd be impeccable!
Hey baby are you fifty cans of red bull? Cause you just stopped my heart
I came here tonight because when you realize you want to spend the rest of your life with somebody, you want the rest of your life to start as soon as possible.
Wow, that's a really great shirt! It would look *even better* haphazardly thrown on my floor.
You? Me? ...Now??
Draco, I need to see you in my office now.
I wish I was DNA helicase, because I'd like to unzip your genes.
Are you a continuous function? Because I want to be tangent to your curves.
Are you sin^2? Because I'm cos^2 and together we could be 1.
Do you fit through a No. 200 sieve? Because damn, you fine.
What are your priors? Because I'd like to use Bayes' rule to obtain your posterior.
Hey, I think you're cute.
How *you* doin'?
I don't think AnalDig's being offered next semester, but we could do an independent study.
send nudes
Would you like to play ballsketbas? Bathroom ball? TENNIS??
You going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
Baby you’re so sweet you’d put Hershey's out of business!
You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
Girl, you remind me of a box of chocolates, because I want to take your top off.
Hershey’s makes millions of kisses a day. All I’m asking for is one from you.
I was going to get you a box of chocolates, but you already have a sweeter box.
You break my heart into 15 unique, chewable pieces... just like a Whitman's Sampler.
You’re like my favourite chocolate bar - half sweet and half nuts!
Sweet Marie, the moment I saw you, I knew I would Skor and have you screamingOh Henry' by the end of the night!
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
My coffee is really hot. But you're hotter.
I had to clean my filter twice after I saw how beautiful you are, because I couldn’t believe my Arabicas.
I know you’ve turned me down before, but I’m asking for an extra shot.
Black coffee. A purist. I give my stamp of approval.
Hark! An angel has fallen to grounds.
I like my ladies like I like my coffee - a hot shock to the lap.
Wanna go on a doppio date?
You’re looking very non-fat these days.
Is that a steam wand in your pocket?
Don’t add honey to that chamomile, you’re already too sweet.
I like my baristas like I like my coffee - hot, sweet, and creamy.
I like the way you espresso yourself.
Hold the sugar please, you're sweet enough for the both of us.
I'm going to start watching my caffeine intake, because baby you make my heart palpitate.
I’ve got a love story for you: Long black meets flat white.
You giving me your number sounds like a fair trade.
If you need to take it slow, I can cold-brew.
I bet you don’t like drips.
Do you want me to grind that for you?
Baby, chai-know you’ve been thinkin’ ‘bout me.
I’m very gentle on the frothing knob.
You roast my heart.
That's a nice mug you got on ya.
Been thinking about you a latte
Can you pass the coffee and sugar because you just made me cream in my pants
Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
Are you a faulty French press because I'd like to be burned by you and recall you afterwards.
Are you a chai because I’d like to get dirty. 
I can feel something brewing between the two of us.
Looks like you've got a hole that needs filling.
I'm a dentist, why don't you lie back and let me fill your cavities.
Semen contains zinc and calcium, both of which are proven to prevent tooth decay.
I wish you were my teeth, so I could grind you in my sleep.
Is your father a dentist? Because you have a beautiful smile.
It's time to probe your gaps.
You must be a dentist, because I can't smile without you.
You're so sweet that I'm getting a toothache just looking at you.
You’re a piece of eye candy and I've got a sweet tooth.
Use dental floss? How about me hiring you as my personal coach sometime over lunch?
Stick your tongue out farther for me.
You’re drooling a bit.
I’m like a dentist, I’ll drill you and fill you.
Your enamel is not the only thing that’s hard.
My next appointment is 6 months from now? Any chance of seeing you sooner, maybe over coffee?
Suck on this for just a second.
Your teeth are pretty. You look like you floss regularly.
Wanna get drilled?
I’m gonna drill you so hard that you’ll be sore for a week. 
Can I Hakuna your ma-tatas?
You must be Cinderella, because I see that dress disappearing by midnight.
I can take you to infinity and beyond.
Call me Pooh, because all I want is you, honey.
Give me a Woody and I'll make you Buzz for light years.
One night with me, and I'll show you a whole new world.
I must be Lighting McQueen,cause you've got my heart racing.
Is your name Ariel? Cause we mermaid for each other.
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.
You are part of the circle of my life.
Hey Beauty, can I introduce you to my Beast?
You don't need a spoonful of sugar to make me go down.
I'd really like to Poke-her-hontas.
Sit on my face and ask me to lie... What? You've never been Pinocchio'd?
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.
Hey Aladdin, is that a lamp in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
Hey Jasmine, Does the magic carpet match the drapes?
Hi, I'm Andy. Wanna play with my Woody?
I can make any fairy moan... All I need to do is Tink'er'bell.
Hey Cinderella let's see if this fits!
Can you feel the love tonight?
I'll make you want to spend more time in bed with me than Sleeping, Beauty.
Honestly, I just wanna get The Sword in the Stone!
Hi my name is Mickey, and there is nothing Minnie about me!
I’ll bippity bop you, girl!
Minnie, want to see my polka dot bed sheets?
You can call me Nemo, because I'm gonnatouch the butt
Forget Aladdin, I'm thinking bout Jasmine's carpet.
Things are much better down where it's wetter.
My sudden protracted cardiac arrhythmia makes me think I'm falling for you.
(Hold out a stethoscope) Why don’t you listen to your heart and go out with me?
My adductor isn't the only thing that's longus.
I wish I was your coronary artery, so that I could be wrapped around your heart.
Is your name Osteoporosis? Because you're giving me a serious bone condition.
Trust me, this is how they did Mammograms back in the old days.
Is your name Flecainide? Because I think you just made my heart skip a beat.
Are you a pulmonary embolism?Cause I can't breathe when I'm around you.
(Look for any small skin imperfection) Has anyone ever looked at that? Why don’t we go back to my place so I can give you a full exam?
When you walked in the door your beauty hit me so hard that I have a priapism from all the trauma.
How about we ditch this joint and go study some anatomy? Baby, you make me vasodilate!
No that's not an epi-pen in my pants, I'm just happy to see you.
Hey baby, wanna play with my corpus cavernosum?
Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
That pulsation in my femoral sheath isn't coming from an artery.
I am an organ donor, need anything?
Come into my office and take off your pants.
I came here looking for a little tail.
Is it warm in here, or are you in heat?
I'll sniff your butt if you sniff mine.
Whoa! Look at THOSE puppies!!
You had me at ruff.
When I saybitch I mean it as a compliment!
Hey baby, meeting you has given me a new leash on life.
You can pee on my fire hydrant all night long.
Come on, don't make me beg!
Hey there, beautiful... looking for an Alpha dog?
Hey Gorgeous, can I buy you a liver treat?
Did you winbest in show? Because you sure are a winner to me.
Knick-knack, Paddy-wack, you just gave this dog a bone. 
Since chocolate is toxic to me, howbout a little sugar?
A day with you is like an eternity of behind-the-ear scratches.
Do you pee here often?
I must be a Dog Tick, because I'm stuck on you.
Baby, you are what I call a hot dog!
You smell so familiar
Your doghouse or mine?
Sniff my butt. It’s the quickest way to my heart.
Can I get you a tennis ball?
I am looking for a leash-free relationship.
Do you pee here often?
It was love at first sniff.
I love to be pawed.
I’ve crossed all the dog parks in the world to find you.
You make me want to be a more obedient dog.
Hey girl, want to help me bury my bone?
Is your tail always wagging, or are you just happy to see me?
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
Excuse me, but I’m really attracted to you and according to Newton’s laws of gravitation, you’re attracted to me too.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
I know the spring constant for my mattress. Wanna take some data?
I wish I were your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
If I was sin^2 and you were cos^2, together we would be 1.
Were your parents engineers? Because you have a nice design.
Wanna dance? I can really put your inertia in motion.
You have cuter dimples than a cardioid!
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
Let’s convert our potential energy to kinetic energy.
You are like a high amperage current and I’m a high resistance wire, cause you’ve got me hot.
Nice set of parabolas!
I heard you like roses, so here’s a polar coordinate graph of r=1+cos(theta).
Yes, that is a slide rule in my pocket.
Lets implement a baby which can inherit us.
Would you like to be the numerator or the denominator?
I'll take you to the limit as x approaches infinity.
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
You must be differentiable, because all I see are smooth curves.
Your body has the nicest arc length I’ve ever seen.
You’re hotter than a bunsen burner set to full power.
Your 127.0.0.1 or mine?
Baby what do you say me go make some perpetual motion?
You’re like the top of an Intel Processor - very hot!
You NP-complete me.
I’d switch to emacs for you.
I would really like to bisect your angle.
I won't stop bugging you until I get the address of your home page.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
If I said you had a nice calculator, would you hold it against me?
Damn girl you must be a strong magnetic field cause you just induced a flow somewhere in me.
I’d like to browse through your clothes like I browse through Firefox.
Can I do your Systems Analysis?
Are you a piece of carbon? Because I would love to date you.
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge.
I'd like to demonstrate with you simple harmonic motion.
The volume of a generalized cylinder has been known for thousands of years, but you won't know the volume of mine until tonight.
Why don't we measure the coefficient of static friction between me and you?
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
Can I see your blueprints? I want to lay some pipe in you and need to know that you’re structurally sound enough to do so.
That dress would look even better accelerating towards my bedroom floor at 9.8 m/s^2
I like the area bounded by your two curves.
Girl when I see that body of yours it creates a stress on my heart and a strain on mybeam.
Has anyone ever called you FAT? They were dead-wrong! You are NTFS, obviously.
Hey Baby, wanna come back to my lab and work with my microprocessor?
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function.
Life without you is like dereferencing a NULL pointer.
Wanna take a shower with me to conserve water?
I don't drive a car, but I'd love to walk you home!
Are you a tree hugger? Cause you're about to get some wood.
I bet your Dad is an Environmentalist, because you are so eco-friendly
You blow my mind like Geothermal Heating Technology!
Your eyes are as bright as energy saving halogen light bulbs, would you light up my life?
What time do you get off work? Let's carpool it back to my place.
You must be a garden, cause I'm digging you.
I'm against animal cruelty, so don't hurt my monkey, please stroke it gently.
If I wrote you a protest song, would you sing it with me?
You’re so hot you must've started all of this darn global warming
Like the bamboo sheets on your bed I want to cover you with sustainable love!
Are all your appliances energy efficient? Because when I saw you the room became more environmentally friendly!
Since cars pollute, can I pick you up on my electric scooter?
If laughter is the best medicine, your face must be curing the world.
You're so ugly, you scared the crap out of the toilet.
Your family tree must be a cactus because everybody on it is a prick.
No I'm not insulting you, I'm describing you.
It's better to let someone think you are an Idiot than to open your mouth and prove it.
If I had a face like yours, I'd sue my parents.
Your birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
I guess you prove that even god makes mistakes sometimes.
The only way you'll ever get laid is if you crawl up a chicken's ass and wait.
You're so fake, Barbie is jealous.
I’m jealous of people that don’t know you!
My psychiatrist told me I was crazy and I said I want a second opinion. He said okay, you're ugly too.
You're so ugly, when your mom dropped you off at school she got a fine for littering.
If I wanted to kill myself I'd climb your ego and jump to your IQ.
You must have been born on a highway because that's where most accidents happen.
Brains aren't everything. In your case they're nothing.
I don't know what makes you so stupid, but it really works.
I can explain it to you, but I can’t understand it for you.
Roses are red violets are blue, God made me pretty, what happened to you?
Behind every fat woman there is a beautiful woman. No seriously, your in the way.
Calling you an idiot would be an insult to all the stupid people.
You, sir, are an oxygen thief!
Some babies were dropped on their heads but you were clearly thrown at a wall.
Don't like my sarcasm, well I don't like your stupid.
Why don't you go play in traffic.
Please shut your mouth when you’re talking to me.
I'd slap you, but that would be animal abuse.
They say opposites attract. I hope you meet someone who is good-looking, intelligent, and cultured.
Stop trying to be a smart ass, you're just an ass.
The last time I saw something like you, I flushed it.
'm busy now. Can I ignore you some other time?
You have Diarrhea of the mouth; constipation of the ideas.
If ugly were a crime, you'd get a life sentence.
Your mind is on vacation but your mouth is working overtime.
I can lose weight, but you’ll always be ugly.
Why don't you slip into something more comfortable... like a coma.
Shock me, say something intelligent.
If your gonna be two faced, honey at least make one of them pretty.
Keep rolling your eyes, perhaps you'll find a brain back there.
You are not as bad as people say, you are much, much worse.
I don't know what your problem is, but I'll bet it's hard to pronounce.
You get ten times more girls than me? ten times zero is zero...
There is no vaccine against stupidity.
You're the reason the gene pool needs a lifeguard.
Sure, I've seen people like you before - but I had to pay an admission.
How old are you? - Wait I shouldn't ask, you can't count that high.
Have you been shopping lately? They're selling lives, you should go get one.
You're like Monday mornings, nobody likes you.
Of course I talk like an idiot, how else would you understand me?
All day I thought of you... I was at the zoo.
To make you laugh on Saturday, I need to you joke on Wednesday.
You're so fat, you could sell shade.
I'd like to see things from your point of view but I can't seem to get my head that far up my ass.
Don't you need a license to be that ugly?
My friend thinks he is smart. He told me an onion is the only food that makes you cry, so I threw a coconut at his face.
Your house is so dirty you have to wipe your feet before you go outside.
If you really spoke your mind, you'd be speechless.
Stupidity is not a crime so you are free to go.
You are so old, when you were a kid rainbows were black and white.
If I told you that I have a piece of dirt in my eye, would you move?
You so dumb, you think Cheerios are doughnut seeds.
So, a thought crossed your mind? Must have been a long and lonely journey.
You are so old, your birth-certificate expired.
Every time I'm next to you, I get a fierce desire to be alone.
You're so dumb that you got hit by a parked car.
Keep talking, someday you'll say something intelligent!
You're so fat, you leave footprints in concrete.
How did you get here? Did someone leave your cage open?
Pardon me, but you've obviously mistaken me for someone who gives a damn.
Wipe your mouth, there's still a tiny bit of bullshit around your lips.
Don't you have a terribly empty feeling - in your skull?
As an outsider, what do you think of the human race?
Just because you have one doesn't mean you have to act like one.
We can always tell when you are lying. Your lips move.
Are you always this stupid or is today a special occasion?'
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
 Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass.
 Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
 Do you have a Band-Aid? Because I just scraped my knee falling for you.
 Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material.
 Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
 If you were a vegetable you'd be a cute-cumber.
 Are you African? Because you're a frican babe.
 Excuse me, is your name Earl Grey? Because you look like a hot-tea!
 I'm not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
 Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
 Are you religious? Because you're the answer to all my prayers.
 Are you my Appendix? Because I have a funny feeling in my stomach that makes me feel like I should take you out.
 Are you an interior decorator? Because when I saw you, the entire room became beautiful.
 Is your daddy a Baker? Because you've got some nice buns!,
 I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way.
 Do you play soccer? Because you're a keeper!
 Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me.,
 If God made anything more beautiful than you, I'm sure he'd keep it for himself.
 Do you have a map? I'm getting lost in your eyes.
 I don't have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
 Are you an orphanage? Cause I wanna give you kids.
 Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
 I was feeling a little off today, but you definitely turned me on.
 Are you a fruit, because Honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
 Do you live in a corn field, cause I'm stalking you.
 Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
 Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
 I'm not a hoarder but I really want to keep you forever.
 Are you a parking ticket?Cause you've got fine written all over you.
 You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
 Let me tie your shoes, cause I don't want you falling for anyone else.
 Do I know you? Cause you look exactly like my next girlfriend.
 I'm no organ donor but I'd be happy to give you my heart.
 I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
 Is your nickname Chapstick? Because you're da balm!
 I'm not staring at your boobs. I'm staring at your heart.
 Can I take your picture to prove to all my friends that angels do exist?
 Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
 Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
 I'm not drunk, I'm just intoxicated by YOU.
 I was blinded by your beauty... I'm going to need your name and number for insurance purposes.
 Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
 There must be a lightswitch on my forehead because everytime I see you, you turn me on!
 Hi, I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you?
 Have you been to the doctor lately? Cause I think you're lacking some Vitamin Me.
 Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
 You look so familiar... didn't we take a class together? I could've sworn we had chemistry.
 Hi, I'm Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?
 Do you like Nintendo? Because Wii would look good together.,
 If you were ground coffee, you'd be Espresso cause you're so fine.
 Was your dad a boxer? Cause you're a knockout!
 You're so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line.
 You shouldn't wear makeup. It's messing with perfection!
 If I had a star for every time you brightened my day, I'd have a galaxy in my hand.
 Damn, if being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged!
 I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
 Do you smoke pot? Because weed be cute together.
 I thought happiness started with an H. Why does mine start with U?
 Are you a campfire? Cause you are hot and I want s'more.
 If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
 If you were a tropical fruit, you'd be a Fine-apple!
 Are you a banana? Because I find you a-peeling
 Are you Netflix? Because I could watch you for hours.
 Are you a bank loan? Because you've got my interest
 Are you Jewish? Cause you ISRAELI HOT.
 You may be asked to leave soon, you're making all the other women look bad.
 Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
 I'm fighting the urge to make you the happiest woman on earth tonight.
 You're kinda, sorta, basically, pretty much always on my mind.
 Put down that cupcake... you're sweet enough already.
 Four plus four equals eight, but you plus me equals fate.
 Did you just come out of the oven? Because you're hot!
 Did you read Dr. Seuss as a kid? Because green eggs and... damn!
 Is your dad a drug dealer? Cause you're so Dope!
 Smoking is hazardous to your health... and baby, you're killing me!
 Are you Hurricane Katrina? Cause you're blowing me away.
 Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces
 If I told you that you had a great body, would you hold it against me?
 Babe, your beauty makes the morning sun look like the dull glimmer of the moon.
 If I'm vinegar, then you must be baking soda. Because you make me feel all bubbly inside!
 You must be the cure for Alzheimer's, because you're unforgettable.
 Please call 9-1-1, because you just made my heart stop!
 You're so hot, that if you ate a piece of bread, you'd poop out toast!
 Is your name Ariel? Cause we Mermaid for each other!
 Charizards are red, Squirtles are blue, if you were a Pokemon, I would choose you!
 So, what do you do for a living besides always making all the men excited and warm all over?
 Could you please step away from the bar? You're melting all the ice!
 Are you from Russia?Cause you're Russian my heart rate!
 I'm in the mood for pizza... a pizza you, that is!
 I was so content with my life and one day I asked God, what could be better than this? And then I met you.
 Most guys need 3 meals a day to keep going... I just need eye contact from you.
 Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only ten I see!
 There's only one thing I want to change about you, and that's your last name.
 I didn't see any stars in the sky tonight, the most heavenly body was standing right next to me.
 Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb!
 I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
 There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
 Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
 Do you work at Dick's? Cause you're sporting the goods.
 You must be a hell of a thief because you stole my heart from across the room.
 Do you have a twin sister? Then you must be the most beautiful girl in the world!
 You know I'd like to invite you over, but I'm afraid you're so hot that you'll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill.
 Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
 When God made you, he was showing off.
 If you were a booger I'd pick you first.
 Do you know what I did last night? I looked up at the stars, and matched each one with a reason why I love you.
 Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it's just a sparkle.
 If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
 If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib.
 You must be a very important textbook passage, because seeing you is the highlight of my day.
 Are you a magician??? Because Abraca-DAYUM!
 You wanna know what's beautiful? Read the first word again.
 Your lips look so lonely.... Would they like to meet mine?
 My love for you is like diarrhea, I just can't hold it in.
 Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
 You're so hot you would make the devil sweat.
 Hey baby you're so fine you make me stutter, wha-wha-what's your name?
 I bet you $20 you're gonna turn me down.
 How come you're not on top of a Christmas tree? I thought that's where angels belonged.
 Do you have the time? [Tells you the time] No, the time to write down my number?
 Your legs must be tired because you've been running through my mind all night.
 Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together?
 Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
 I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
 Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
 Hey... Didn't I see your name in the dictionary underShazaam'!?
 If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you.
 Rejection can lead to emotional stress for both parties involved and emotional stress can lead to physical complications such as headaches, ulcers, cancerous tumors, and even death! So for my health and yours, JUST SAY YES!
 Did you have lucky charms for breakfast? Because you look magically delicious!
 No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
 Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
 Hershey's makes millions of kisses a day.. .all I'm asking for is one from you.
 Of all the beautiful curves on your body, your smile is my favorite.
 I'm not actually this tall. I'm sitting on my wallet.
 When I first saw you I looked for a signature, because every masterpiece has one.
 Does your father sell diamonds? Because you are FLAWLESS!
 I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
 Baby I might not be Sriracha sauce but, I sure will spice up your life.
 People call me John, but you can call me tonight.
 Was you father an alien? Because there's nothing else like you on Earth!
 Life without you would be like a broken pencil... pointless.
 If I had a penny for every time I thought of you, I'd have exactly one cent, because you never leave my mind.
 Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
 If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
 If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
 Hello are you married? [Yes] Well I didn't hear you sayhappily'.
 You are like a candy bar: half sweet and half nuts.
 Hello how are you? [Fine] Hey, I didn't ask you how you looked!
 Did you clean your pants with Windex? I can practically see myself in them.
 How was heaven when you left it?Did you fart, cause you blew me away.
 You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
 Hey... somebody farted. Let's get out of here.
 I didn't know that angels could fly so low!
 There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can't take them off you.
 You are so fine, I wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of you!
 Is your last name Gillette? Because you are the best a man can get.
 Is your nameswiffer'?Cause you just swept me off my feet.
 Excuse me, but you dropped something back there (What?)This conversation, lets pick it up later tonight.
 Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
 Are you cold? You look like you could use some hot chocolate... Well, here I am!
 Did you die recently? Cause girl, you look like an angel to me.
 I could lay next to you forever... or until we decide to go eat.
 If stars would fall everytime I would think of you, the sky would soon be empty.
 You know, Dr. Phil says I'm afraid of commitment...Want to help prove him wrong?
 Baby, you're so sweet, you put Hershey's outta business.
 Wanna go bowling? I thought it might be right up your alley.
 Is your name Dwayne Johnson? Because you Rock my world!
 You're not a vegetarian, are you? Because I'd love to meat you.
 You're so attractive that my phone gets hot just from talking to you.
 Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
 Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
 So there you are! I've been looking all over for YOU, the woman of my dreams!
 Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
 Inheriting eighty million bucks doesn't mean much when you have a weak heart.
 You see my friend over there? [Point to friend] He wants to know if YOU think I'M cute.
 The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
 Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too.
 (As she is leaving) Hey aren't you forgetting something? (What?) Me!
 Somebody better call God, cuz heaven's missing an angel!
 Can I borrow a quarter? ['What for?'] I want to call my mom and tell her I just met the man/woman of my dreams.
 If I were a transplant surgeon, I'd give you my heart.
 Are you Willy Wonka's daughter,cuz you look sweet and delicious.
 If you were a transformer, you'd be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine.
 Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
 Did it hurt? (Did what hurt?) When you fell out of heaven?
 I'm sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
 I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
 I play the field, and it looks like I just hit a home run with you.
 I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
 If I could rearrange the alphabet, I would put'U' andI' together.
 If you were a tear in my eye I would not cry for fear of losing you.
 If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.
 My lenses turn dark in the sunshine of your love.
 What time do you have to be back in heaven?
 Baby, I'm no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
 You'd better direct that beauty somewhere else, you'll set the carpet on fire.
 [Point at her butt] Pardon me, is this seat taken?
 Was your father a thief?Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
 I love you like a pig loves not being bacon.
 Are your parents bakers? Cause they sure made you a cutie pie!
 Did you go to bed early last night? From the looks of it, you got your beauty sleep.
 What's on the menu? Me-n-U
 You're like pizza. Even when you are bad, you're good
 I'd say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
 I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
 My friend thinks you're kinda cute, but I don't... I think you're absolutely gorgeous!
 Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal your heart, and you'll steal mine.
 You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
 If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard
 Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I'd die.
 Are you a hipster, because you make my hips stir.
 Are you a cat? Cause you are purrrfect
 I wish I was cross eyed, so I could see you twice.
 Are you on Nickelodeon? Cause you're a-Dora-ble!
 I don't know if you're beautiful, I haven't gotten past your eyes yet.
 You don't need keys to drive me crazy.
 If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
 Is Your Dad A Preacher? Cause Girl You're A Blessing.
 Are you a vampire? Cause you looked a little thirsty when you looked at me.'
Can I hit you in the face... with my lips?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
My name isn't Elmo, but you can tickle me any time you want to.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart.
I need a dollar, but I only have 90 cents... do you want to be my dime?
[Look at her shirt label.] When they say,What are you doing?' You respond:Yep! Made in heaven!'
Be unique and different, say yes.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I'm lost at sea.
You know how they say skin is the largest organ on the human body? Not in my case.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
They say dating is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
You be the Dairy Queen and I'll be your Burger King: You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
(Ask a person for the time) 9:15? So today is May 1, 2008, at 9:15 PM, thanks I just wanted to be able to remember the exact moment that I met the woman of my dreams.
Pinch me. [Why?] You're so fine I must be dreaming.
If I had to choose between breathing or loving you, I would sayI love you' with my last breath!
Ouch! My tooth hurts! [Why?] Because you are soooo sweet!
I'm not trying to impress you or anything, but... I'm Batman!
You must be from Pearl Harbor, because baby, you're the bomb.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
Do you know karate? Because your body is really kickin.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I'm learning about important dates in history class. Wanna be one of them?
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
I need some answers for my math homework. Quick. What's your number?
Are you a Snickers bar? Cause you satisfy me.
Is your last name Campbell? Cause you'remmmm... good!'
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Baby, you are so fine I could put you on a plate and sop you up with a biscuit.
Is there a rainbow today? Because I just found the treasure I've been searching for!
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
Hey, is it just me, or are we destined to be married?
Hello. Are you taking any applications for a boy/girlfriend?
Let's make like a fabric softener andSnuggle'
Hi, my name is Doug. That'sgod' spelled backwards with a little bit of you wrapped up in it.
If I could reach out and hold a star for everytime you've made me smile, I'd hold the sky in the palm of my hand.
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
How much does a polar bear weigh? [How much?] Enough to break the ice... Hi, I'm (insert name here).
Well, I AM telepathic, and I can tell that you love me. Right? [NO!] Darn, I always getlove andlust mixed up.
When I look into your eyes, it is like a gateway into the world which I want to be a part of.
Hey baby. You got a jersey? [A jersey?...Why?] Because I need your name and number.
You're so cute it's distracting!
Hello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines. So, do you pickDo you come here often?What's your sign? orHello, I'm doing a survey of what people think are the cheesiest pickup lines.'?
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
This time next year let's be laughing together.
Is your last name Whitman, because I want to sample you.
On a scale of 1 to 10, you're a 9. I'm the 1 you need.
Hey baby, I must be a light switch, cuz every time I see you, you turn me on!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaam!I hope your day has been as beautiful as you are.
Is your father Little Caesar? Cause you look Hotn Ready.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
I could use some spare change and you're a dime.
I'm no mathematician, but I'm pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, Give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn't I see you on the cover of Vogue? Excuse me, I don't want you to think I'm ridiculous or anything, but you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. I just felt like I had to tell you.
Hey, don't I know you? Yeah, you're the girl with the beautiful smile.
Is your father a mechanic? Because you've got a finely tuned body!
I have had a really bad day and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you smile for me?
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!I just had to come talk with you. 
Sweetness is my weakness.I think I can die happy now, cause I've just seen a piece of heaven.
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?I sneezed because 
God blessed me with you.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?Nice to meet you, 
I'm (your name) and you are...gorgeous!
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Was your dad king for a day? He must have been to make a princess like you.
Were you arrested earlier? It's gotta be illegal to look that good.
Were your parents Greek Gods,cause it takes two gods to make a goddess.
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in this room?
What's that on your face? Oh, must just be beauty. Here, let me get it off. Hey, it's not coming off!
I blame you for global warming... your hotness is too much for the planet to handle!
You are the reason men fall in love.
You know the more I drink, the prettier you get!
You better call Life Alert,cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
You're single. I'm single. Coincidence? I think not.
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You're making the other women look really bad.
You look like my third wife. [how many time have you been married?] Twice.
You make me melt like hot fudge on a sundae.
Were you in Boy Scouts? Because you sure have tied my heart in a knot.
Are you as beautiful on the inside as you are on the outside?
I want to be your tear drop, so I could be born in your eyes, live on your cheeks, and die on your lips.
I know where they give out free drinks... it's a place calledMy House'!
I can't think of anyone else I'd rather survive a Zombie Apocalypse with.
Babe! you look so fine I could drink your bath water!
If I had a rose for every time I thought of you, I would be walking through my garden forever.
Girl, if I were a fly, I'd be all over you, because you're the shit!
Hey, how did you do that? (What?) Look so good?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track.
If you stood in front of a mirror and help up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
You are so beautiful that I would marry your brother just to get into your family.
You look like a cool glass of refreshing water, and I am the thirstiest man in the world.
Are you a tamale?Cause you're hot.
You are so beautiful that you give the sun a reason to shine.
Do you bleach your teeth?Cause your smile lights up the entire room like a candle in the dark.
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Someone should call the police, because you just stole my heart!
Stop, drop, and roll, baby. You are on fire.
Baby, you're so hot, you make the equator look like the north pole.
Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.
You're hotter than Papa Bear's porridge.
I hope there's a fire truck nearby, cause you're smokin'!
If it weren't for that DAMNED sun, you'd be the hottest thing ever created.
How is your fever? [What fever?] Oh... you just look hot to me.
Tonight this Han doesn't want to fly Solo.
I just got dumped, and I think that you could make me feel better.
(Walk up to someone and bite them anywhere) Sorry, taking a bite out of crime. [WHAT?] Well it has to be illegal to look that good!
You are a 9 - you'd be a perfect 10 if you were with me.
Excuse me, I'd like to have kids someday, and I wanted to know how your parents created such a beautiful creature.
You're so hot, I bet you could light a candle at 10 paces.
I can't believe I've been here the entire evening with all these beautiful people and the moment I findThe One all I have time to say isgood bye'.
Hey baby, you've got something on your butt - my eyes!
This isn't a beer belly, It's a fuel tank for a love machine.
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
If I was an octopus, all my 3 hearts would beat for youï»¿.
Guess what I'm wearing? The smile you gave me!
I don't know you, but I think I love you already.
Here's the key to my house, my car... and my heart.
If we shared a garden, I'd put my tulips and your tulips together. (tulips = two lips)
Is your name Summer?Cause you are as hot as hell.
If I had to choose between one night with you or winning the lottery...I would chose winning the lottery...but it would be close...real close...
Do you have any sunscreen?Cause you are burning me up!
See these keys? I wish I had the one to your heart.
You're hotter than donut grease.
Your eyes are as blue as window cleaner.
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
If you were a burger at McDonalds, you'd be McGorgeous.
Are your parents retarded,cause you sure are special.
If you could put a price tag on beauty you'd be worth more than Fort Knox.
I must be dancing with the devil, because you're hot as hell.
Are you the moon? Because even when it's dark, you still seem to shine.
Roses are red, my face is too, that only happens when I'm around you.
Roses are red, I have a crush, whenever I'm around you, all I do is blush.
I never need to see the sun again because your eyes light up my world.
How much does it cost to date you? Cause damn, you look expensive!
If you were a steak you would be well done.
It's dark in here. Wait! It's because all of the light is shining on you.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Do you have any raisins? [No] How about a date?
Are you a kidnapper? Because you just abducted my heart.
Is your name Katrina? [No, why?]Cuz baby, you rock me like a hurricane!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? A damn little kid with wings shot me.
On The PhoneShe/He says:Hold on'. You Say:Sorry, I can't hold on... I've already fallen for you.'
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Are you a microwave oven? Cause you melt my heart.
Did you get your license suspended for driving so many guys crazy?
Are you a girl scout, cause you tie my heart in knots.
You're so hot, I could bake cookies on you.
You look beautiful today, just like every other day.
Let's play Winnie the Pooh and get my nose stuck in your honey jar.
When I'm older, I'll look back at all of my crowning memories, and I'll think of the day my children were born, the day I got married, and the day that I met you.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
Is your car battery dead? Because I'd like to jump you.
I'm lost. Can you tell me which road leads to your heart?
Where do you hide your wings?
Is your name Mickey? Because you're so FINE!
Are you made of grapes? Cause youre fine as wine.
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me.
Forget about Spiderman, Superman, and Batman. I'll be your man.
There isn't a word in the dictionary for how good you look.
Girl, you're like Mastercard - absolutely priceless.
Fascinating. I've been looking at your eyes all night long,cause I've never seen such dark eyes with so much light in them.
You're the only girl I love now... but in ten years, I'll love another girl. She'll call youMommy.'
My doctor says I'm lacking Vitamin U.
I tried my best to not feel anything for you. Guess what? I failed.
Hey, don't frown. You never know who could be falling in love with your smile.
Because of you, I laugh a little harder, cry a little less, and smile a lot more.
Excuse me, but does this smell like chloroform to you?
Most people like to watch the Olympics, because they only happen once every 4 years, but I'd rather talk to you cause the chance of meeting someone so special only happens once in a lifetime.
Can I have directions? [To where?] To your heart.
I'm sorry, I don't think we've met. I wouldn't forget a pretty face like that.
Your body is 65 percent water and I'm thirsty.
There are people who say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Apparently, none of them have ever been in your arms.,
Does your left eye hurt? Because you've been looking right all day.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn't be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Do you have a name or can I just call you mine?,
With my IQ and your body, we could make a race of superchildren and conquer the earth!,
I will stop loving you when an apple grows from a mango tree on the 30th of February.
If I were a stop light, I'd turn red everytime you passed by, just so I could stare at you a bit longer.
Let's make like the Olympic rings and hook up later.,
Your body is a wonderland, and I'd like to be Alice.,
It's a good thing I wore gloves today. Otherwise you'd be too hot to handle.
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back.
'Have you heard of Platform 9 and 3/4? Well, I can think of something else with the exact same measurements.
If you were a Dementor, I'd become a criminal just to get your kiss.
My name may not be Luna, but I sure know how to Lovegood!
I know we're not in Professor Flitwick's class, but you still are charming.
My love for you burns like a dying phoenix.
Being without you is like being afflicted with the Cruciatus Curse.
Hagrid's not the only giant on campus, if you know what I mean.
Your name must be Severus Severus, because you're making my prince full blood.
Interested in making some magic together? My wand is at the ready.
I must have had some Felix Felicis, because I think I'm about to get lucky.
Without you I feel like I'm in Azkaban and dementors are sucking away my soul.
I've been whomping my willow thinking about you.
If I were to look into the Mirror of Erised, I'd see the two of us together.
Did you survive the Avada Kedavra curse? Because you're drop dead gorgeous.
Your smile is like Expelliarmus. Simple but disarming.
You must be my horcrux, because you complete me.
Going to bed? Mind if I Slytherin?
You are like a bottle of Skele-Gro: You're growing me a bone.
You must be magical, because I've fallen under your spell.
I'm not wearing an invisibility cloak, but do you think I could still visit your restricted section tonight?
I'd like to get my basilisk into your chamber of secrets. You don't even have to sayLuminos Maxima' to turn me on!
Have you been using the Petrificus Totalus spell? Because you've made me stiff.
You're the only thing I need in my Room of Requirement.
Do you want to head to the Shrieking Shack? We could do some shrieking of our own.
Are you using the Confundus charm or are you just naturally mind blowing?
Come on, let's do it Hippogriff style!
I heard you were in Gryffin-whore, because you let every wizard slyther-in.
I wanna stick my half-blood prince inside your chamber of secrets, and release the prisoner of azkaban to give you the deathly hallows.
You don't know how many times I had to swipe left to find you!
Hey, we're a match! Does this mean we're dating now? Give me a second, I need to change my Facebook relationship status.
Hey gorgeous, will you be my Tinderella?
I've had a crush on you for 2 hours.
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, We're a match on Tinder, So I think we should screw.
Do you believe in love at first swipe?
How many times have you pictured me naked since we matched?
69 miles away, huh? Well that's ironic...
You must be a small amount of red phosphorus and I must be a tiny wooden stick… Because we're a match.
My parents are so excited, they can't wait to meet you!
Going to Whole Foods, want me to pick you up anything?
They say Tinder is a numbers game... so can I get your number?
Are you my appendix? Because this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Do you have a job? I need a woman who can support me while I play video games all day.
Did you know you're the hottest (insert generic name here- Jessica, Stacy, Mike, etc) on Tinder?
We're a match! The next step is to pick a wedding date, right?
Is your personality as angelic as your hair?
'Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you, everyone else disappears!
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together.
Do I know you? ‘Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend/boyfriend.
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend/girlfriend material?
They say Disneyland is the happiest place on earth. Well apparently, no one has ever been standing next to you.
For some reason, I was feeling a little off today. But when you came along, you definitely turned me on.
Are you religious ? Because you’re the answer to all my prayers.
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
I’m lost. Can you give me directions to your heart?
 Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Are you sure you’re not tired? You’ve been running through my mind all day.
Is there an airport nearby or is it my heart taking off?
Was your dad a boxer? Because damn, you’re a knockout!
I was wondering if you had an extra heart. Mine was just stolen.
Would you grab my arm, so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
There’s only one thing I want to change about you, and that’s your last name.
Aside from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
Hi, how was heaven when you left it?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I pass by again?
Is your dad a terrorist? Cause you’re the bomb.
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Kiss me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Hey, you’re pretty and I’m cute. Together we’d be Pretty Cute.
Did it hurt? When you fell from heaven?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I’ve been searching for.
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
Hello, I’m a thief, and I’m here to steal your heart.
I may not be a genie, but I can make your dreams come true.
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
There must be something wrong with my eyes, I can’t take them off you.
I’m sorry, were you talking to me? [No] Well then, please start.
Was you father an alien? Because there’s nothing else like you on Earth!
Was your father a thief? ‘Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes.
Do you have a pencil? Cause I want to erase your past and write our future.
I’d say God Bless you, but it looks like he already did.
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
Are you my phone charger? Because without you, I’d die.
Can you take me to the doctor? Because I just broke my leg falling for you.
You don’t need keys to drive me crazy.
Are you a dictionary? Cause you’re adding meaning to my life.
You remind me of a magnet, because you sure are attracting me over here!
I’m no mathematician, but I’m pretty good with numbers. Tell you what, give me yours and watch what I can do with it.
Didn’t I see you on the cover of Vogue?
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
Sorry, but you owe me a drink. [Why?] Because when I looked at you, I dropped mine.
You must be a broom, ‘cause you just swept me off my feet.
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the hottest person in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Hello. Cupid called. He wants to tell you that he needs my heart back.'
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey baby, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle?Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I don't like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don't believe me? Well, then, let's try it with your phone number.
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can I explore your mean value?
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!
I've been secant you for a long time.
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
Meeting you is like making a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - I always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.
I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate.
Do you need math help? Wanna expand my polynomial?'
You must be one spicy dish because you're making my heart burn.
Do you have any Sriracha sauce? Cause you fire me up!
I wish I had some butter for them biscuits.
You're so cute I could bottle you up in a mason jar.
You're as complete as quinoa.
You remind me of cheese... I want you on everything!
Were you born in a farm? You look a-maize-ing.
Baby, if you were a fruit you'd be a Fineapple.
Do you sell hot dogs? Because you sure know how to make a wiener stand.
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you're Hot And I'm Ready.
Your cupcakes make my soufflÃ©s rise.
I might not be a Doritos Locos Taco, but I sure will spice up your life.
You're looking so sweet, you've got my eyes glazed over like doughnuts.
If you were a vegetable, you'd be a CUTE-cumber.
I know milk does a body good, but damn girl, how much have you been drinking?
Anyone can sit here and buy you drinks. I want to buy you dinner!
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Can you put some hot sauce on my enchilada, I need some spice in my life
Life would be feta if we were togetha.
Are you a fruit? Cause honeydew you know how fine you look right now?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I want to stuff your crust.
Do you live in a corn field? Cause I'm stalking you!
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
I'm like Domino's Pizza. If I don't come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
You must be peanut butter because you're making my legs feel like jelly.
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
You're like my favorite candy bar, half sweet, half nuts.
Baby if you were a burger at McDonalds you would be a McGorgeous.
Let me be a chicken nugget and take a dip in your sauce.
Now what's on the menu? Me-n-u
Omelette you in on a secret. You and I would brie perfectly gouda.
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
I do not fancy wines, I prefer moans.
I like my women like I like my doughnuts - HOT and HOLY!
Do you like Alphabet soup? Cause you gonna be choking on the D
I like my women like I like my ice cream, fat free and dripping down my fingers.
Do you like Krispy Kreme? Cause I wanna glaze your donut.
Do you like hot dogs girl? Cause I'd like to put my weiner between those buns
I want you more then a Hagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
You must work at subway, because you're giving me a foot long.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
You had me atHello World.'
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Myup-time' is better than BSD.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I'm brave enough to ask you out!
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Nice Set of Floppies!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, howbout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's thelike' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totallybuy it now'.
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I'll give you sudo access.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
What do you say we play a game ofWords With More Than Friends?
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Need me to unzip your files?
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I googled your name earlier... I clicked onI'm Feeling Lucky.'
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.'
Are you French because Eiffel for you.
Is that a mirror in your pocket? Cause I can see myself in your pants!
Are you religious? Cause you’re the answer to all my prayers.
Hey, tie your shoes! I don’t want you falling for anyone else.
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy.
What has 36 teeth and holds back the Incredible Hulk? My zipper.
Somebody call the cops, because it’s got to be illegal to look that good!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you.
I know you're busy today, but can you add me to your to-do list?
If you were a steak you would be well done.
Hello, I'm a thief, and I'm here to steal your heart.
Are you cake? Cause I want a piece of that.
My love for you is like diarrhoea, I just can't hold it in.
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn't have your number in it.
If you were a library book, I would check you out.
Are you a cat because I'm feline a connection between us
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
If nothing lasts forever, will you be my nothing?
I'm new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
I must be in a museum, because you truly are a work of art.
You spend so much time in my mind, I should charge you rent.
My lips are like skittles. Wanna taste the rainbow?
Well, here I am. What were your other two wishes?
Are you from Tennessee? Because you're the only 10 I see!
Are you a beaver? Cause daaaaaaaaam!
Life without you is like a broken pencil... pointless.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person? (hold up a mirror)
Is your body from McDonald's? Cause I'm lovin' it!
Even if there wasn't gravity on earth, I'd still fall for you.
Roses are red, violets are blue, how would you like it if I came home with you?
I wish I were cross-eyed so I can see you twice
We're not socks. But I think we'd make a great pair.
Your lips look so lonely…Would they like to meet mine?
Are you a parking ticket? ‘Cause you’ve got fine written all over you.
Thank god I'm wearing gloves because you are too hot to handle.
If a fat man puts you in a bag at night, don't worry I told Santa I wanted you for Christmas.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Pinch me, you’re so fine I must be dreaming.
If you were a chicken, you'd be impeccable.
How much does a polar beat weight? Enough to break the ice!
Are you a 90 degree angle? Cause you are looking right!
Nice to meet you, I’m (your name) and you are... gorgeous!
If I were a transplant surgeon, I’d give you my heart.
Are you Israeli? Cause you Israeli hot.
On a scale from 1 to 10, you're a 9... And I'm the 1 you need.
Did it hurt? When you fell out of heaven?
If I could rearrange the alphabet I would put U and I together.
Remember me? Oh, that’s right, I’ve met you only in my dreams.
Is your name Google? Because you've got everything I'm searching for.
Your hand looks heavy. Here, let me hold it for you.
I’ve been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look.
Are you from Starbucks because I like you a latte.
Are you a banana because I find you a peeling.
Do you like vegetables because I love you from my head tomatoes.
Have you been to the doctor's lately? Cause I think you're lacking some vitamin me.
Do you generate electricity with water through the process of hydro power? Because dammmm.
Do you like science because I've got my ion you.
Are you my appendix? Because I don't understand how you work but this feeling in my stomach makes me want to take you out.
Do you like sales? Because if you're looking for a good one, clothing is 100% off at my place.
I know this is going to sound cheesy, but I think you're the gratest.
If you were a triangle you'd be acute one.
Does your left eye hurt? Because you’ve been looking right all day.
My feet are getting cold… because you’ve knocked my socks off.
Wow, when god made you he was showing off.
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity.
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
If looks could kill, you'd be a weapon of mass destruction.
Do you have a tan, or do you always look this hot?
Can I follow you home? Cause my parents always told me to follow my dreams.
If I were a cat I'd spend all 9 lives with you.
Are you a camera? Because every time I look at you, I smile.
Are you from Japan cause I'm trying to get in Japanties.
If you were a fruit you'd be a fineapple.
I'll give you a kiss. If you don't like it, you can return it.
Did you swallow magnets? Cause you're attractive.
Are you from China? Because I'm China get your number.
Do you have a name, or can I call you mine?
Are you craving Pizza? Because I’d love to get a pizz-a you
Wouldn't we look cute on a wedding cake together.
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
Kiss me if I'm wrong, but dinosaurs still exist, right?
Is your dad a terrorist? Because you are the bomb.
You must be a ninja, because you snuck into my heart
Can you pinch me, because you're so fine I must be dreaming.
I may not be a genie, but I can make all your wishes come true!
Are you Australian? Because you meet all of my koala-fications.
I’m not drunk, I’m just intoxicated by you.
If I followed you home, would you keep me?
If you were words on a page, you’d be fine print.
Are you a keyboard ? Because you are my type.
There is something wrong with my phone. Could you call it for me to see if it rings?
I've seem to have lost my number, can I have yours?
If I had a garden I’d put your tulips and my tulips together
Did you hear of the new disease called beautiful, I think you're infected.
I thought Happiness starts with H. But why does mine starts with U.
If you were a vegetable you'd be a cutecumber.
You know what you would really look beautiful in? My arms.
My mom thinks I'm gay, can you help me prove her wrong?
I want someone to look at me the way I look at chocolate cake.
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Are you going to kiss me or do I have to lie to my diary?
Feel my t-shirt, it’s made of boyfriend material.
You must be a magician, because every time I look at you, everyone else disappears.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious.
You're like a dictionary... you add meaning to my life.
My doctor says I'm lacking vitamin U.
Did your licence get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk past again?
When a penguin finds a mate they stay with them for the rest of their life. Will you be my penguin?
Can I take a picture of you so santa knows what I want for christmas?
I'm new in town, could you give me directions to your apartment?
I'll cook you dinner, if you cook me breakfast
What does it feel like to be the most beautiful girl in the room?
Good thing I just bought term life insurance … because I saw you and my heart stopped!
If I had a dollar for every time I thought of you, I’d be in a higher tax bracket.
Hey, my name’s Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
You’re so sweet, you’re giving me a toothache.'
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says,Shields up! but your eyes say,A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
Urkuk lu Stalga. That's Klingon forI love you baby.
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
Howbout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo!
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set onstunning'.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
I’ve got something big in my torpedo tube.
Baby, we don’t need a holodeck. I’ll make all your fantasies come true.
I’m Wesley Crushing on you.
Thank god I’m not a redshirt, because you’re drop-dead gorgeous
You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar
Take off your clothes, and let’s start the next generation.
Scanners show sexy life forms in this area... oh, it’s only you.
I feel a great disturbance... in my pants!
Are you from the holodeck? Because you’re too beautiful to be real.
Are you a sith lord? Because I’ve Fallen for you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you'rethe one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watchDr. Who'?
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
Your beauty has pierced my heart like a Morgul Blade.
I last longer than Boromir.
I wanna go inside your hobbit hole.
The fires of Mount Doom aren't nearly as hot as you are.
I'll put a ring on it!
Hey baby, wanna blow my Horn of Gondor?
I'll take your Hobbit to my Isengard.
Are you the ring?Cause I've got my eye on you.
I'd like to have an Inn at your prancing pony.
Are you an Orc?Cause baby, you're making my Sting glow.
I erupt like Mount Doom for you, baby!
Girl, you're like a Balrog - smokin' hot!
Baby, I'll make you scream like the Nazgul.
Is that a sonic screwdriver in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
You've stolen both my hearts!
Would you let me be the one to open your Pandorica.
You know what they say about Time Lords with long scarves...
Come back to my place and you can call me The Master.
A cyberman couldn't delete you from my heart.
Are you a Dalek? Cause you've been rolling through my mind all night.
Baby, you just gave me Torchwood.
SEXTERMINATE!!
Are you a Tardis? Cause when I look into your eyes I feel like I'm flying around the universe.
I'd like to take you out for texting and scones.
PROCREATE!!
Why don't you come back to my place so we can have some wibbly wobbly timey wimey?
I hear you're Allon-easy.
I won't blink cause baby, you're a weeping angel.
Wanna tickle my tardis?
Are you an angel? Because I haven't blinked since I first saw your face.
You make my centurion stand at attention.
Can I stick my fish fingers in your custard?
You're so Oodiful. Wanna come back to my place?
You can play Doctor Donna.
INSEMINATE!!
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies
The realKingslayer is in my pants.
Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?
Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day
I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you!
I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.
If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.
Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Want to see how sullied I am?
I may be an imp, but I never go limp.
Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.
I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.
Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel
I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king
You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.
Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.
Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.
Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!
If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.
Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?
Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.
You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.
I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.
I'll stick you with my pointy end.
Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.
Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.
Valhar Cunnilingus!
I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!
When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.
This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection
I feel like I've done so much good I have asoul boner
Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!
I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.
I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.
With great penis comes great responsibility
Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.
Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!
Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?
Do you work at Starbucks? Because I like you a latte.
Your name must be Coca Cola, because you're so-da-licious
Do you work at Little Caesars? Because you’re Hot And I'm Ready.
Do you work at Subway? Because you’re giving me a footlong.
Do you work at Home Depot? Because you’re giving me wood.
If you were a burger at McDonalds you’d be a McGorgeous
Do you like Pizza Hut? Cause I'll stuff your crust.
Do you work at Dicks’? Because you’re sporting the goods!
Your body's name must be Visa, because it's everywhere I want to be.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Do you work at Burger King? Because you’re giving it to me the way I like it!
Do you like Kelloggs? Wanna frost my flakes?
Can I double stuff your Oreo?
Did you just come from KFC, cause your thighs and breasts just gave me a drumstick.
You remind me of a green bottle. Because I wanna Mount and Do you!
I like Legos, you like Legos, why don't we build a relationship?
Have you been eating Cocoa Puffs? Because I'm going cookoo for you
How about I dip my Wild Wings in your Buffalo sauce?
I don't need Apple Maps to get lost in your eyes.
I want you more than a Haagen-Daas on a hot summer day.
Are you thirsty? Cause I can give you the Sunny-D
I wish you were a carousel at Wal-Mart so I could ride you all day long for just a quarter!
I spilled skittles down my pants. Do you want to taste the rainbow?
I'll be the Burger King, and you'll be the Dairy Queen... You treat me right, and I'll do it your way.
Take me to Papa John's, because this love is at 425 degrees.
Are you a bottle of Coke? Because you open my happiness.
My name is Hostess... Because I have the cream filling
Are you McDonalds?Cause you're going straight to my thighs.
Let's make like fabric softener and Snuggle.
I may be hung like a tic-tac, but I'll leave your breath minty fresh!
Girl are you my new iPhone? Cause I can't stop staring at you in public.
Do you work for UPS?Cause I swear I saw you checking out my package!
My dong is a rental car company - it Hertz!
Girl, I'm an American Express lover - you shouldn't go home without me!
I've gotta thirst, baby, and you smell like my Gatorade!
Baby, you got more legs than a bucket of KFC!
Girl, you’re like Mastercard - seeing you is priceless
Call me Mountain Dew,cause when we hang we'll have a Baja Blast!
What's the difference between a boner and a Lamborghini? I don't have a Lamborghini right now
You must've been made by Intel to be that hot!
Do you have a Bandaid? Cause I just scraped my knee falling for you.
Do you like Wendy’s? Well I'm sure you'll like it Wendy’s nuts slide across your face.
Why pay $5 at Subway, when you can't get this footling for free.
Do you like basketball? Because when I saw you, my D. Rose.
I'd love to take it to the hole and drop my balls in your Hoop!
If you were a basketball, I'd never pass because I want to keep you all to myself.
Do you know what the Indiana Pacers and I have in common? Solid D.
You may have heard that I'm a great ballhandler. Wanna sample my skills?
Your Jordan jersey looks nice, but I bet it'd look even nicer on my bedroom floor.
Instead of zone defense, what do you say we play some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
If you were a basketball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
You be the Bulls and I'll bring the Heat!
If you were a basketball, would you let me lay you up?
Is your name Strike? Because you're a perfect 10!
I think it's time we ditched these gutter balls and got out of here, what do you say?
I live by one motto: Strikes in the streets, splits in the sheets.
Are you a 300 game? Cause you’re perfect!
You know what else has three holes?
Are you a 7-10 split? Because I’d love to pick you up.
I'd sure like to pin you down.
Baby, you’re incredi-bowl.
Are you a bowler? Because you're right up my alley!
Excuse me, miss. I just wanted to strike up a conversation.
Forgive my forwardness. My mind's been in the gutter all night long.
Are you a pinsetter? Because you just swept me off my feet.
Let’s never split!
My lanes are freshly waxed, if you know what I mean.
You've got a great rack there.
Let's talk turkey: When I look at you, my thoughts are all XXX.
I'm falling in glove with you.
I hope you're good at catching cause I'm starting to fall for you.
You're quite the catch, baby.
I'm an umpire - give me your number so I can make the call.
Are we in the bullpen? Cuz you're warming me up.
Are you in the outfield? Because you're an angel.
You know, I've never needed a third base coach to wave me home.
My dugout, or yours?
Us baseball players know our way around the bases.
I'd lay down a sacrifice for you.
I'd got to bat for you, babe.
Can I pinch hit on you?
If you date me, you'll eventually see a diamond.
Do you play football? Because you've got a tight end.
You're so hot, I'd let you penetrate my defense.
Consider this your two-minute warning... before I kiss you.
Do you prefer two hand touch or full contact?
I like your Patriots jersey, but I bet it'd look even better on my bedroom floor.
I'm gonna go for two after I score.
I'd love to touchdown in your end zone.
Instead of zone defense, can we try some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
How about we kick off a new relationship tonight?
I've never made an incomplete pass, and I hope you won't be my first.
Wanna be my receiver tonight?
Are you going to ask me out soon, or do I need to call a delay of game penalty?
Are you an eligible receiver... of my phone number?
I wish you were on the team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
I bet my stick would feel great in your crease.
I promise I'm good for more than just a one-timer.
What do you say we drop the gloves and go at it?
Nice Skates... wanna puck?
You know, less teeth means more tongue!
I'd love to serve a 5 minute penalty in your box.
Do you have a jersey? Because I need your name and number.
You wanna be my equipment manager?
Wanna go for a ride on my Zam-boner?
I bet I can score on your 5-hole I've got a curved stick.
I'm good on the ice, but I'm GREAT in bed!
My skateblade's not the only thing made of steel.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
Ever kiss a guy with no teeth?
Hi, my name's Stanley... wanna see my cup?
If I can't score, can I at least get an assist?
If you were a puck, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
Can I slip one past your goalie?
You think Zdeno Chara has a long stick? Wait until you see mine!
I bet you play soccer, because you're a keeper.
You know... Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions...
Are you Suarez? Cause I'll let you bite me all night.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
I won't give you a yellow card if you take off your shirt.
Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you.
I must say, you're more beautiful than the beautiful game.
You wanna score or just knock around my balls?
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
Do you play soccer? Because I think I'm gonna score tonight.
Can I be one of the men in your box?
If you were a soccer ball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
I can go 90 minutes without stopping.
I'm like Arsenal: I'll stay on top but I'll finish second.
Baby I can be Spain and you can be Ireland, tonight. In other words, I'm gonna screw you hard!
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
If we were playing tennis, I’d let you score all the points so I’ll always be in Love.
Do you want to be my doubles partner for life?
Wanna play some tennis? I got one racket and two balls.
Are you Roger Federer’s ground strokes? Cause baby you’re so elegant.
Excuse me miss, could you hold my balls while I get my huge racket out of my bag?
If you will be my racket, I’ll be your ball. Serve me.
You know what else is a nice match? You and me.
I grunt harder than anyone else on the tennis courts.
Girl, are you a lob? Cause I'm going to smash you
I’m not a tennis player but I’ll still grunt if you hit my balls.
Is that a ball in your pocket or are you just excited to see me.
I’m happy to fetch your balls for you. You hit them as hard as you like.
You’re looking like a tennis ball. I just wanna hit it.
If you can return my serve, I’ll return your call.
Your court or mine?
For you, I’d give unlimited lets.
Play tennis here often?
Tired of singles? Let’s play some doubles.
Trust me, the only time I’d play games with you is on the court.
Girl get rid of those Dunlop balls, you deserve better.
Care to knock a few balls with me?
I will give you Yonex, you can give me Head.
So, what’s your favorite stroke?
Smash or pass? In tennis I’ll do both.
I can hurl it 130 MPH down the middle.
That was a pretty deep shot girl, but I’ll be even deeper inside...
Do you have a Diamond Pickaxe? Because I'm as hard as Obsidian.
You must be made of bonemeal, cause you make me grow 10 feet tall.
I'd like to fertilize your crops with my bonemeal.
Are you a slimeball? Cause you make my piston sticky If you were ore, I'd mine you all night long!
You must be ice, because I've been waiting to pick you up for a long time.
You must be a redstone torch, because you're extending my piston!
Are you a lever? Because you turn me on.
You must be from nether, because you are out of this world.
Are you a torch? Because you light up my world.
You must be a pressure plate, because you turn me on.
Are you a pig? Because I wanna ride you.
Is that a creeper in your pants or are you just happy to see me?
I'm like a zombie and you're like the sun - you light me on fire!
I must be gravel, because I'm falling for you.
I know the air is pretty thin up there, why don't you lay in my bed and catch your breath?
You’re a tall drink of water - and I’m thirsty!
I want to climb you like a jungle gym.
How much does it cost to ride to the top?
I'm 6'7 standing up... and 9 laying down.
I'm tall because... I'm standing on my wallet.
Will you have my NBA babies?
You know, we’re all the same height laying down...
The best part about being this tall is that it is easy to see cute girls like you in a crowd.
You would totally be worth the climb!
I bet that back is real toned from keeping the rest of you upright.
Do you play basketball?
I'm six-foot-six and EVERYTHING is in proportion.
I'm six-foot-five, but I'd like to be six feet under you
You are tall enough to ride this ride!
Can you do me a favor and grab me that book off the shelf for me... and then hand me your phone number?
You know, it's been a while since I climbed a tree.
If everything was in proportion, I'd be 9'3
(One tall person to another) Finally, someone I can see eye-to-eye on everything with!
(One tall person to another) It's nice how easy it is for us to check each other out across the room. We should go sit down somewhere though so the next tallest people have a chance.
I may not be able to love, but I do it, like a sex machine baby.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
It that a joystick you're holding or are you just happy to see me?
Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley?
I'm going to void your warranty!
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
You must be tired because you've been running your code through my cpu all night
Nice Bolts wanna screw?
Was your father a thief? Because he stole some titanium bolts and put them in your eyes.
Is that a mirror in your anodized Titanium exterior plating? Because I can see myself in your service port.
Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1.
Was that my CPU malfunctioning or did I just feel a spark between us?
When you flash your software, my floppy becomes a hard drive.
I hope you have an accelerometer, because I'm gonna rock your world.
Want to grab some Java?
Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should I ambulate by your location again?
Girl, you're so fine you could make an impression on Monet.
Are you a Shepard Fairey poster? Because I can’t believe you don’t already belong to someone else.
At first I thought I was looking at a Monet, but you’re so much more beautiful up close.
Are you into monochrome? Because I’d love to use my charcoal to color us black and white.
Are you a medium? Because I'd like to paint you on carpet.
Are you an antiques collector? Because I have some junk that hasn't been touched in years.
Aren’t you the model from my figure drawing class?
Have you ever posed nude?
Call the Art Loss Register, because you just stole my heart.
If I told you I like your body of work, would you hold it against me?
Is your dad an art thief? Because you are a masterpiece.
Vincent Van Gogh out with me
You must be an artist, because I find myself drawn to you.
If I were an art critic, I'd give you a ravishing review.
Charles Dickens might have given you Great Expectations, but I can meet them.
Are you Five People?Cause I just met you, and I'm in Heaven.
As I Lay Dying…my biggest regret was not telling you how beautiful you are.
I wanna do Wild Things wherever you Are.
I believe in The Importance of Being Earnest, so I'm just going to say it: I'm Wilde about you.
I Sense you have a lot of Sensibility. Was that too Austen-tatious of me to point out?
I'd like to end your Age of Innocence.
Are you an overdue book? Because you have fine written all over you!
I know For Whom the Bell Tolls, so why don't you call me sometime?
I spend Tuesdays with Morrie, but I want to spend every other day with you.
I'm no Jane, but I'd Eyre on the side of saying I think you're beautiful.
If I had a flower for every time I thought of you, I'd have a Secret Garden.
Is it 451 degrees Fahrenheit in here, or is it just you?
Is your name Harriet? Cause I caught you spyin' on me.
Is your name Scarlett? Because when I saw you my heart was gone with the wind.
The Sun isn't the only thing around here that Also Rises.
Wanna go find us A Room of One's Own?
If it was 1984, and I was Big Brother, I'd only watch you.
I'd Revisit your Brideshead anytime.
I'd Fight to go to a Club with you.
Hey girl, don't be The Stranger.
I'd like to Catch 22 of you.
My friends call me Robert, but you can call me The Beowulf.
My Heart was a Lonely Huntertil I met you, girl.
I like books, you like books, why don't we start writing the story of us?
Babe, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call fine print.
Would you like to peek at my hardcover?
I have a library card, do you mind if I check you out?
I want to take your body to Wuthering Heights.
Hey girl! Wanna slide down my pole?
If you play with fire, you’ll end up burnt. If you play with a firefighter you’ll end up wet!
I’m on fire - you wanna stop, drop and roll with me?
I could make you scream louder than the fire siren.
I don’t have a very long hose, but I’ve got one hell of a pumper!
I’m going to ride you like a fire truck on a bad stretch of road on the way to a 6 alarm fire!
Can I hit your hydrant?
Did u know that firefighters are professional hose handlers?
It’s my job to go in when it’s extremely Hot and I never pull out until it’s dripping wet!
Don’t prime the pump unless you want to squirt a little water.
You know, firefighters have the longest hoses!You know, firefighters have the longest hoses!
I’m a firefighter... I run into burning buildings to save complete strangers, imagine what I would do for you.
They call meThe Fireman... mainly because I turn the hoes on.
The fire might be out but you are still smoking hot.
The hotter you get, the faster we come!
Firefighters are always in heat.
Your so hot, a firefighter couldn’t put you out.
I would climb you like a ladder.
I save babies, puppies, and kittens. And I look forward to saving you from a boring life!
The first rule for a patient is to remove all restricting clothing. Can I go ahead and start now?﻿
As a fireman, I’m an expert in what’s hot.
Nice hose, does it pump?
Do you have any tape? Because I'm totally ripped.
This elliptical isn't the only thing getting my heart rate up.
Girl, do you need to get your protein macros up? Because I'd gladly put my meat inside you
I know a fun activity that can burn 500 calories an hour...
I got stopped by a police officer on the way here. He told me it was illegal to carry these guns in public.
How'd you like to be my special push-up partner?
Do you squat here often?
I'm gonna have mywhey' with you!
Let's do lunge.
Do you want me to spot you while you do those squats?
Do you have a band-aid? Because I'm cut!
My personal trainer told me I had to come talk to you for five minutes as part of my routine.
Do you believe in love at first set? Or should I curl this barbell another 10 times?
We should train together, I've heard it's good for bone density.
And I don't just mean my skeleton.
Is your tank top felt? [No] Would you like it to be?
I hope you know CPR, because you just took my breath away! Or maybe it was the hour I spent on this treadmill.
Are you using that adductor machine so you can crush me between your thighs later?
How'd you like to go on a long romantic walk on the treadmill?
The weights in this gym just aren't heavy enough... would you mind sitting on my face while I do some crunches?
I heard that the missionary position helps men to work out the chest and triceps... do you wanna help me verify this?
Are you a boxer? [No] Well, how about getting on your knees and giving me two blows to the head?
Wanna sit on my lap while I use the rowing machine?
I wish this gym had a stationary bike built for two.
I hope you took your Flintstone vitamins today, because I'm gonna make your Bedrock!
Are you into fitness? How about fittin' this thingy into your thingy?
Hi, I see that you're new to this gym, and I wanna be the first male to bother you.
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you share with me the training regimen you used to attain it?
I got stopped at the airport last week for trying to bring these guns onto an airplane.
I hope your into yoga, cause your going to get a good stretch tonight.
If you really want to loosen your pectineus, you should skip the squats and let me stretch them out.
Do you play football? Because you've got a tight end.
You're so hot, I'd let you penetrate my defense.
Consider this your two-minute warning... before I kiss you.
Do you prefer two hand touch or full contact?
I like your Patriots jersey, but I bet it'd look even better on my bedroom floor.
I'm gonna go for two after I score.
I'd love to touchdown in your end zone.
Instead of zone defense, can we try some man-to-woman coverage tonight?
How about we kick off a new relationship tonight?
I've never made an incomplete pass, and I hope you won't be my first.
Wanna be my receiver tonight?
Are you going to ask me out soon, or do I need to call a delay of game penalty?
Are you an eligible receiver... of my phone number?
I wish you were on the team because I'd love to see your backfield in motion.
I just finished a round of golf, wanna be my 19th hole today?
I hope you like it rough because I don't replace my divots.
Your putt looks great in those jeans.
Wanna be my caddy? You look like you'd be a great ball-washer.
So what's it gonna be today, Stroke Play or Skins?
How about grabbing two of your friends so we can play a foursome?
I'm a bit tired, so can we just play your backside tonight?
I'm still working on my approach, but I think I have a pretty good swing.
I'm known on the tour for having a lengthy club.
Are you sure you aren't all four majors? Because you would be a grand slam!
Are you looking for the fairway? Because coming back to my hotel is the only fair way for this evening to go.
From the moment I saw you, I've had a vertical shaft angle.
Hey girl, I can make your V-jay sing!
I'm like the US Open... hard and long!
Is your name winter? Because you'll be coming soon.
Are you a White Walker? Because I want you to have my babies
The realKingslayer is in my pants.
Is it hot in here because of the long summer, or is it just you?
Are Hodor's legs tired? Because he's been carrying you through my mind all day
I would conquer the seven kingdoms for you!
I've fallen harder for you than Bran Stark.
If you come up north for me, I'll go down south for you.
Do you smith Valyrian steel? Because you just gave me one of the hardest swords in the land.
Did you get sacrificed to the God of Fire? Because you're smoking!
Want to see how sullied I am?
I may be an imp, but I never go limp.
Are you my direwolf? Because I can definitely see myself taking over your body.
I may be king in the north, but I want to be the king of your heart.
Someone should tell the Old Gods and the New Gods that heaven is missing an angel
I don't need blood magic to raise your Dothraki king
You must be my sister, because I'm extremely attracted to you.
Are your clothes a slave? Because I'd like to free you of them.
Are you a traitor to the crown? Because I can definitely see you giving head to my pike.
Show me your dragon, I'll make it spit fire!
If only I were that Tyroshi pear brandy you are drinking, because then I would already be inside of you.
Did you sit on a lemon cake? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass!
Did it hurt... when you fell from the Moon Door?
Are you made of Dragon Glass? Because you're melting my heart.
You must be part halfwit, because the only thing you'll be screaming tonight is my name. And my name is Hodor.
I am the king, so if you don't go out with me, I'll kill your dad.
I'll stick you with my pointy end.
Is that milk of poppy in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Are you a Warg? Because I bet you're an animal in the sheets.
Are you a servant of the Lord of Light, Rh'llor? Because I'm burning up around you.
Valhar Cunnilingus!
I'd climb the entire wall just to get your digits, girl!
Have you taken a lifelong vow of celibacy or are you just playing hard to get?
When I get sad, I stop being sad.. and I be awesome instead. True Story.
This.. what you're doing here - is giving me a de-rection
I feel like I've done so much good I have asoul boner
Barney alllllwaaaysss gets the yes!
I physically cannot take bad pictures. I don't know why. Just ask god.
I'm Barney, I don't get smitten. I smite.
With great penis comes great responsibility
Believe it or not, I wasn't always as awesome as I am today.
Barney is single... it's what America has been clamoring for!
You're the mini-cherry on top of the regular cherry on top of the sundae of awesomeness that is my life.
It's gonna be legend-... wait for it... (and I hope you're not lactose intolerant because the second half of that word is) DAIRY!
I'm no Thomas Paine, but you and I are Common Sense.
Want to reenact the Battle of the Bulge?
Do you want to help me with my project on the tit- I'm mean, TET Offensive?
Your breasts remind me of Mount Rushmore... my face should be among them!
There's a reason they say I started the Era of Good Feelings.
Want to play War of 1812? I'll light your White House on fire.
I'll be your Secretary of the Interior.
I bet if Jefferson had met you, he would have vetoed the Non-Intercourse Act.
Are you from Medieval Times? Cause you Sir Gagsalot
Call me Paul Revere, because I would like to give you a midnight ride.
Want to go back to my place and discuss Big Stick Diplomacy?
I have sex like I fight a war; I got no exit strategies.
Is your name Maya, cause I'd like to sacrifice you to the gods.
The Great Pyramid, the Sahara, the Nile, me... get the picture?
Are you an early hominid? Because I've got a Homo Erectus right now. 
I bet my stick would feel great in your crease.
I promise I'm good for more than just a one-timer.
What do you say we drop the gloves and go at it?
Nice Skates... wanna puck?
You know, less teeth means more tongue!
I'd love to serve a 5 minute penalty in your box.
Do you have a jersey? Because I need your name and number.
You wanna be my equipment manager?
Wanna go for a ride on my Zam-boner?
I bet I can score on your 5-hole I've got a curved stick.
I'm good on the ice, but I'm GREAT in bed!
My skateblade's not the only thing made of steel.
When I first saw you, I knew we could win the Stanley Cup in tonsil hockey.
Ever kiss a guy with no teeth?
Hi, my name's Stanley... wanna see my cup?
If I can't score, can I at least get an assist?
If you were a puck, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
Can I slip one past your goalie?
You think Zdeno Chara has a long stick? Wait until you see mine!
Are you a cornfield? Cause I'm stalking you
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent in your curves
Are you a Pokemon? Because I want a Pikachu
It's pants off o' clock, but my watch is 10 minutes fast
If you were an endoplasmic reticulum how would you want me, smooth or rough?
If you were a booger, I'd pick you first.
Someone call life alert, cause I've fallen for you and I can't get up.
Why don't you take a look at my briefs?
I believe that it's in our best interest to comply with section 69 of the act.
I'd have to plead insanity if I ever left you.
If loving you is a crime, then I'm looking at a life sentence.
Excuse me, are you into reverse bifurcation?
When I think of you, I become fully vested.
I've got a precedent that's long and deep.
Is your estate subject to open?
I don't know if I have standing, but I'd love to court you.
I'll teach you about jurisdiction if we change the venue to my place.
I think I'd be liable for negligence if I neglected to come over and talk to you.
How about coming back to my place for a little actus reus?
There is no burden of proof for how fine you are.
I love you beyond a reasonable doubt.
Let me show you my mens rea.
When I bring an ejectment action, there'll be nothing quiet about your enjoyment.
'Res ipsa loquitur honey. Your hot body speaks for itself!
Your body isultra vires it's beyond my power to control myself around you.
Your beauty has pierced my heart like a Morgul Blade.
I last longer than Boromir.
I wanna go inside your hobbit hole.
The fires of Mount Doom aren't nearly as hot as you are.
I'll put a ring on it!
Hey baby, wanna blow my Horn of Gondor?
I'll take your Hobbit to my Isengard.
Are you the ring?Cause I've got my eye on you.
I'd like to have an Inn at your prancing pony.
Are you an Orc?Cause baby, you're making my Sting glow.
I erupt like Mount Doom for you, baby!
Girl, you're like a Balrog - smokin' hot!
Baby, I'll make you scream like the Nazgul.
I wish I was your derivative so I could lie tangent to your curves.
My love for you is like a concave up function because it is always increasing.
How can I know so many hundreds of digits of pi and not the 7 digits of your phone number?
I wish I was your second derivative so I could investigate your concavities.
You and I would add up better than a Riemann sum.
Hey baby, what's your sine?
I need a little help with my Calculus, can you integrate my natural log?
By looking at you I can tell you're 36-25-36, which by the way are all perfect squares.
You fascinate me more than the Fundamental Theorem of Calculus.
Are you a 90 degree angle?Cause you are looking right!
My love for you is like pi... never ending.
I'd like to plug my solution into your equation.
Since distance equals velocity times time, let's let velocity and time approach infinity, because I want to go all the way with you.
I am equivalent to the Empty Set when you are not with me.
I don’t like my current girlfriend. Mind if I do a you-substitution?
I can figure out the square root of any number in less than 10 seconds. What? You don’t believe me? Well, then, let’s try it with your phone number.
Hey, baby want to Squeeze my Theorem while I poly your nomial?
Hey...nice asymptote.
I'm not being obtuse, but you're acute girl.
I don't know if you're in my range, but I'd sure like to take you back to my domain.
Are you a 45 degree angle? Because you're acute-y.
My love for you is like y=2^x... exponentially growing.
I'll take you to your limit if you show me your end behavior.
Can I explore your mean value?
The derivative of my love for you is 0, because my love for you is constant.
I'm good at math... let's add a bed, subtract our clothes, divide your legs, and multiply!
Our love is like dividing by zero... you cannot define it.
If you were a graphics calculator, I'd look at your curves all day long!
I've been secant you for a long time.
If I'm sine and you're cosine, wanna make like a tangent?
Meeting you is like making a switch to polar coordinates: complex and imaginary things are given a magnitude and a direction.
Being without you is like being a metric space in which exists a cauchy sequence that does not converge.
My love for you is a monotonically increasing unbounded function
You are the solution to my homogeneous system of linear equations.
I heard you're good at algebra - Could you replace my X without asking Y?
Are you a math teacher? Because you got me harder than calculus.
I'll take you to the limit as X approaches infinity.
Your name is Leslie? Look, I can spell your name on my calculator!
Let's take each other to the limit to see if we converge
You must be the square root of two because I feel irrational around you.
Let me integrate our curves so that I can increase our volume
If i were a function you would be my asymptote - I always tend towards you.
Your beauty cannot be spanned by a finite basis of vectors.
I wish I was your problem set, because then I'd be really hard, and you'd be doing me on the desk.
My love is like an exponential curve - it's unbounded
My love for you is like a fractal - it goes on forever.
My love for you is like the derivative of a concave up function because it is always increasing. we're going to assume this concave up function resembles x^2 so that slopes is actually increasing.
I hope you know set theory because I want to intersect and union you
You've got more curves than a triple integral.
Honey, you're sweeter than pi.
If you were sin^2x and I was cos^2x, then together we'd make one.
Baby, you're like a student and I'm like a math book... you solve all my problems!
My friends told me that I should ask you out because you can't differentiate.
Do you need math help? Wanna expand my polynomial?
Are you an officer? Cause you just made my privates stand at attention.
I can’t put you in the Corps, but I can put the Corps in you.
Are you in the Air Force? Cause you’re hotter than the engine of an F-22A Raptor.
Hey baby, are you Delta Tango Foxtrot?
I wanna SIPR all over your NIPR
Damn girl, are you a five paragraph order? Because I wanna SMEAC dat
I wanna dishonorably discharge on your face
Gunny says I’m the best humper in the company. That’s why he puts me in the rear.
Hey, my roommate is going out tonight.
I’m gonna break you down shotgun style.
I’d qual on your range any day.
Hey girl, you didn’t need to say zero to make me freeze.
Stand on the yellow footprints and prepare for receiving.
You wanna go to driftwood?
Let me get those ten digits and ill fire for effect.
Babe, you’re like the assault cutting score cause you’re making me go up, up and away.
Baby, you put the fox in foxhole.
BAMCIS!
Can I Foxtrot India November Golf Echo Romeo you?
Can I Whisky Tango all over your Foxtrot?
You may fall from the sky, you may fall from a tree, but the best way to fall... is in love with me.
Are you Google? Because I've just found what I've been searching for.
If you stood in front of a mirror and held up 11 roses, you would see 12 of the most beautiful things in the world.
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you.
Know what's on the menu? Me-n-u.
Even if there wasn't any gravity on earth, I would still fall for you!
Me without you is like a nerd without braces, A shoe without laces, aSentenceWithoutSpaces.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise I'll give it back.
Do you believe in love at first sight, or should I walk by again?
There's a big sale in my bedroom right now. Clothes are now 100% off!
Let's commit the perfect crime: I'll steal you're heart, and you'll steal mine.
Kissing burns 5 calories a minute. How about a workout?
A boy gives a girl 12 roses. 11 real, 1 fake and he says to her I will stop loving you when all the roses die
Crap. Something is wrong with my cell phone. {Oh Really. What is that?} Its just that...your numbers not in it.
If kisses were snowflakes, I'd send you a blizzard.
Santa's lap isn't the only place wishes come true.
I'll be Burger King and you be McDonald's. I'll have it my way, and you'll be lovin' it.
I'm writing a term paper on the finer things in life, and I was wondering if I could interview you.
Do you have a map? Because I just keep getting lost in your eyes!
I hope you know CPR, because you take my breath away!
Is your dad an art thief? Because you're a masterpiece.
I'm no photographer, but I can picture us together.
Kissing is a language of love, so how about a conversation?
If I could rearrange the alphabet, I'd put U and I together.
You must be a high test score, because I want to take you home and show you to my mother.
I've got skittles in my mouth, wanna taste the rainbow?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes.
You're so beautiful you made me forget my pick up line.
Do I know you? Cause you look a lot like my next girlfriend.
Do you want to see a picture of a beautiful person I know? (hold up a mirror)
If you were a tear drop, I would never cry for the fear of losing you.
I think there's something wrong with my eyes because I can't take them off you.
If I received a nickel for everytime I saw someone as beautiful as you, I'd have five cents.
You're like a dictionary, you add meaning to my life!
Baby, if you were words on a page, you'd be what they call FINE PRINT!
It's a good thing that I have my library card. Why? Because I am totally checking you out!!
Your lips look so lonely...Would they like to meet mine?
It's a good thing I wore my gloves today; otherwise, you'd be too hot to handle.
If beauty were time, you'd be eternity.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a dirty mind like mine?
Are you a light switch?Cause you turn me on!
Do you remember me? [No.] Oh that's right, we've only met in my dreams.
Your father must have been a thief. Because he stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
Are you lost ma'am? Because heaven is a long way from here.
If I had to rate you out of 10 I'd rate you a 9... because I am the one that you are missing!
You are so sweet you could put Hershey's out of business.
What are you doing for the rest of your life? Because I want to spend it with you.
I want to tell you your fortune. [Take her hand and write your phone number on it.] Your future is clear.
I know somebody who likes you but if I weren't so shy, I'd tell you who.
It's not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!
Did the sun come up or did you just smile at me?
Is there an airport nearby or is that my heart taking off?
Do your legs hurt from running through my dreams all night?
Wanna get some coffee, Because I like you a Latte
If you were a potato, you'd be a sweet one.
You know, beautiful is my favorite color. (girl) that's not a color.(boy) its the color of your eyes.
Summer's over, because you're about to fall for me.
So, do you have a new years resolution, I'm looking at mine right now.
I just wanted to show this rose how incredibly beautiful you are!
Hi, did your license get suspended for driving all these guys crazy?
See my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I'm cute.
I had a pick up line but, your beautiful eyes continue to interrupt me.
Would you touch me so I can tell my friends I've been touched by an angel?
You know what material this is? [Grab your shirt] Boyfriend material.
Are you religious?Cause you're the answer to all my prayers.
They say not to judge a book by it's cover but I don't even know you and I'm checking you out.
Do you work for UPS? I could have sworn I saw you checking out my package.
If LOVE was written on every grain of sand in the Sahara Desert that still doesn't equal my love for you.
I've been wondering, do your lips taste as good as they look?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
I wasnt sure if you were a beautiful angel or a sexy devil, but now that I'm close I see heaven in your eyes.
Damn girl, if you were a fruit, you'd be a FINEapple!
I hear they banned you from school lunches for being so sweet.
Damn girl, I thought diamonds were pretty until I laid my eyes on you!
Excuse me, if I go straight this way, will I be able to reach your heart?
You're so hot you must've started global warming.
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
How does it feel to be the most beautiful girl in this place?
Do you like bacon? Wanna strip?
Excuse me, I'm lost. Can you give me directions to your house?
The only thing your eyes haven't told me is your name.
I've had a really bad day but it always makes me feel better when I see a pretty girl smile. Would smile for me and make my day?
I just want you to know, I think you have beautiful eyes but I bet they're no match for that beautiful soul you have.
I have a boyfriend. [Guy] I have a pet goldfish. [Girl] What? [Guy] I thought we were talking about things that didn't matter.
Heaven's missing an Angel.
I may not be DQ, but I could treat you right!
You really shouldn't wear makeup. You're messing with perfection!
If I told you that you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?
We haven't even spoken yet and im already on my knees!
I didn't know angels were allowed on campus.
If you were a burger at McDonald's you'd be the McGorgeous.
You know what would look good on you? Me!
I must be a snowflake, because I've fallen for you!
Looks like you dropped something , My jaw!
Can you pull this heart-shaped arrow out of my butt? Some little kid with wings shot me.
I don't know how I'll ever get to class on time when it's so easy to get lost in your eyes.
They say a kiss is the language of love. Wanna have a conversation?
Are you a pirate? Cause I’ve got a lot of semen waiting for you!
Touch your toes and I will show u where the rocket goes!
Roses are red, I have tons of class, therefore I am eating your ass!
When I saw you, I lost my tongue. Can I put yours in my mouth?
What has four legs and doesn’t have the most beautiful girl on it? My bed. Want to fix that
Fuck me if I’m wrong, but dinosaurs still exist right?
Are you a trampoline because I want to bounce on you
Are you a mirror? Cause I can see myself inside you.
Do you want to go on a ate? I’ll give you the D later
If you jingle my bells, you’ll have a white Christmas
You must be Medusa because you make me rock hard.
Roses are red grass is greener when i think about you i play with my wiener
Your body is a Wonderland an I’d like to be Alice
You want to come over for Thanksgiving? Because I’m gonna stuff your turkey.
Are you a middle eastern dictator? Because there’s a political uprising in my pants
Baby I’m like a firefighter I find them hot and leave them wet.
If you were a squirrel, would you help me bust a nut?
Can you help me with my science assignment? I need to know how to get to Uranus.
Are you a farmer? [No] Then how did you get such beautiful, big, round melons?
Your smile is almost as big, warm, and lovely as my penis
Girl do you have a shovel in that back pocket? Cause I’m digging that ass?
I heard you are looking for a stud. I’ve got the STD, all I need is U
Did you get those pants at 50% off? Cause they are 100% off at my place!
Are you flappy bird? Cause I could tap you all night
I hope you got a pet insurance, cause tonight I’m gonna destroy that pussy.
Call me leaves, cause you should be blowing me.
Do you know your ABC’s? Cause I wanna give you the 4th letter of the alphabet.
I’m asian so I’ll eat your cat
Is there a cellphone in your backpocket? Cause that ass is calling me!
You work at a post office? Cause I saw you checking out my package.
Are you a tortilla? Because I want to flip you over and eat you out!
There are 8 planets in the universe, but only 7 after I destroy Uranus
I’ll treat you like my homework: Slam you on the table and do you all night long!
I named my dick “the truth” cause bitches can’t handle it!
I must be hunting treasure because I’m digging your chest
Do you believe in karma? Because I know some good karma-sutra positions.
You know why I am like a squirrel? Cause I want to bury my nuts in you.
I might not go down in history, but I’ll go down on you!
I want you to be the girl who takes my virginity.
Smile, if you want to have sex with me.
I like every bone in your body, especially mine.
You know what I like in a girl? [What?] My dick.
I`m no weatherman, but you can expect a few inches tonight.
If I were a cat i’d spend all 9 lives with you.
Pizza is my second favourite thing to eat in bed.
Do you want to have good sex? [No!] Well then come to my place!
Let’s play Barbie. I’ll be Ken and you can be the box I come in.
Call me Chris Brown, cause I’d hit that! [Look at her ass]
You know why they call me the cat whisperer? Cause I know exactly what that pussy needs.
You have eyes like spanners. When I look in to them, my nuts tighten.
Your so hot I could roast my meat on you, baby.
You’re like my little toe, because I’m going to bang you on every piece of furniture in my home.
You’re like Pringles once I pop you, I can’t stop you.
You’re on my list of things to do tonight.
You should join the circus.(Why?) So you can learn to juggle my balls all day.
You, me, handcuffs, and whipped cream: interested?
You’d mind if I fantasize about you?
You look familiar, have we had sex before?
You look so innocent, you look so sweet, as long as I have a face, you will always have a seat.
You make me want to calibrate my joystick without the latest drivers.
You remind me of my cousin. (How?) I want to fuck you so bad, but I know that I can’t.
You Say: I’m jealous of your dress. She says “Why?” You say: Because it’s touching your body, and I’m not.
You have some nice jewelry. It would look great on my nightstand.
I have a feeling that you like trouble
I have a feeling that you’re trouble
I’m sure you get this all the time but you look like a mix between Fergie and Gandhi
Sit on my face and I’ll eat my way to your heart.
I know this profiles fake but can I get the name of the model you used for your pics
Sup Tinderella
Finally I found a Girl like you
I’ve had a crush on you for years
You shall be my Wife
Prettiest smile I’ve seen on Tinder
I’m not going to be your husband but I am going to be the man you’re thinking about twenty years from now.
When our friends ask us how we met, what are we going to tell them?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve ever done?
What’s your favorite tv show from your childhood?
What’s one thing you can’t live without?
Would you rather fight one horse sized duck or 100 duck sized horses?
Do you like Mexican food? Cause I want to wrap you in my arms and make you my BAERITTO.
You don’t know how many times I’ve had to swipe left to find you
Please call an ambulance, your beauty is killing me!
If you were a sea i would swim in you forever.
“I have a boyfriend” – Well you look like the kind of girl who could use two
My love for you is like dividing by zero. It’s undefinable.
Are you Cinderella? Cause’ I see that dress coming off at midnight!
Baby you make palms sweaty, knees weak, arms spaghetti.
You dropped something! What? (Point at the ground) Your standards.
You look like my mom!
I saw you girls from over there and just want to let you know that I’m taken.
You wanna know what’s big? (Pause) My house you weirdo!
Are you a magician? Because whenever I look at you everyone else disappears.
(Take a photo of her) I want to show my mom what my next girlfriend looks like
I have to show you the prettiest girl I’ve ever seen. (show phone with frontcam)
Your ass is so nice that it is a shame that you have to sit on it.
Your daddy must be a drug dealer, cuz you’re dope.
Your eyes are blue, like the ocean. And baby, I’m lost at sea.
Are you a parking ticket? Cause you’ve got fine written all over you
Do you know what my shirt is made of? Boyfriend material
My buddies bet me that I wouldn’t be able to start a conversation with the most beautiful girl in the bar. Wanna buy some drinks with their money?
You must be Jamaican, because Jamaican me crazy
Stand still so I can pick you up!
Are you from Tennessee? Because you’re the only ten I see!
For a moment I thought I had died and gone to heaven. Now I see that I am very much alive, and heaven has been brought to me
Baby, if you were words on a page, you’d be what they call fine print
I was wondering if you had an extra heart mine seems to have been stolen
I wanna live in your socks so I can be with you every step of the way
I don’t have a library card, but do you mind if I check you out?
I’m not a photographer, but I can picture me and you together
I’m not drunk. I’m just intoxicated by you
Your legs must be tired because you’ve been running through my mind all night
Excuse me, but I think I dropped something. MY JAW!
Damn! You with those curves and me without brakes!
How much does a polar bear weigh? (how much?) Enough to break the ice… Hi, I’m (your name)
Do you have a map? I’m getting lost in your eyes
I must be a snowflake, because I’ve fallen for you
Too cheesy for you? Try these dirty lines
Would you grab my arm so I can tell my friends I’ve been touched by an angel?
I’m not trying to impress you or anything, but… I’m Batman!
You shouldn’t wear makeup. It’s messing with perfection
Apart from being sexy, what do you do for a living?
You know, Dr. Phil says I’m afraid of commitment…Want to help prove him wrong?
Did you sit in a pile of sugar? Cause you have a pretty sweet ass
When God made you, he was showing off
Can I borrow your cell phone? I need to call animal control, because I just saw a fox!
So there you are! I’ve been looking all over for you, the woman of my dreams
On a scale of 1 to 10, you’re a 9. I’m the 1 you need
If I were to ask you out on a date, would your answer be the same as the answer to this question?
Damn girl, you have more curves than a race track
Excuse me, I just noticed you noticing me and I just wanted to give you notice that I noticed you too
Your daddy must have been a baker, because you’ve got a nice set of buns
Did it hurt? … when you fell out of heaven?
Are you a terrorist? … cause you’re the bomb!
Are you a light switch? … cause I want to turn you on
They say dating is a numbers game… so can I get your number?
Can I buy you a drink or do you just want the money?
Baby, I’m no Fred Flintstone, but I can make your Bedrock!
You look cold. Want to use me as a blanket?
Did you invent the airplane? Cause you seem Wright for me
You know, you might be asked to leave soon. You’re making the other women look really bad
(hold out hand) Would you hold this for me while I go for a walk?
No wonder the sky is grey today, all the blue is in your eyes
I seem to have lost my phone number. Can I have yours?
Your hand looks heavy. Let me hold it for you
Excuse me, I think you have something in your eye. Oh wait, it’s just a sparkle
I don’t know you, but I think I love you already
Do you have a sunburn, or are you always this hot?
I know milk does a body good, but baby, how much have you been drinking?
You’re so beautiful that you made me forget my pickup line
You see my friend over there? He wants to know if you think I’m cute
I’m new in town. Could you give me directions to your apartment?
You know I’d like to invite you over, but I’m afraid you’re so hot that you’ll skyrocket my air-conditioning bill
Is there an airport nearby or is that just my heart taking off?
Did the sun come out or did you just smile at me?
Crack a smile with these funny pick up lines
You’re so hot, you’d make the devil sweat
Are you an interior decorator? Cause you are making this room beautiful
Hi, my name is Doug. That’s “god” spelled backwards with a little bit of U wrapped up in it
There is something wrong with my cell phone. It doesn’t have your number in it
If you were a transformer, you’d be a HOT-obot, and your name would be Optimus Fine
Somebody better call God, cause heaven’s missing an angel
If a thousand painters worked for a thousand years, they could not create a work of art as beautiful as you
What time do you have to be back in heaven?
Was that an earthquake or did you just rock my world?
Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here
Here’s the key to my house, my car… and my heart
Smoking is hazardous to your health… and baby, you’re killing me!
Is your body from McDonald’s? Cause I’m lovin’ it!
I’m not actually this tall. I’m sitting on my wallet
I hope you know CPR, cuz you take my breath away
Was your father a thief? Cause someone stole the stars from the sky and put them in your eyes
If beauty were time, you’d be eternity
If this bar is a meat market, you must be the prime rib
Is it hot in here or is it just you?
Do I know you? Cause you look just like my next girlfriend
Hello. Cupid called. He says to tell you that he needs my heart back
Excuse me, could you please dial down your hotness, it’s causing global warming
I've got a little spoon position available for hire, what would you rate your cuddling abilities at on a scale of 1-10?
Are you an archeology major?  [on reply, regardless of answer]  Well, I've got a large bone that need examining
Could you take me in a fight?  [on positiveyes' reply]  What makes you so confident?  [on negativeno reply']  Well I need someone strong to help me breed the greatest fighter the world has ever seen, do you still think you're up for it?
Well, tinder says we'll make beautiful children, but I think we should grab a drink before working on the future models of America
Listen, I know this profile is fake but can I get the name of the model you used so I can look her up for later tonight?
I would swim naked through the amazon river with steak wrapped around my genitals just to share a candlelit dinner with you over skype on dial-up connection
Are you a Koala?  [regardless of answer]  Well, you've got all the koalifications
I'm on a scavenger hunt and I need a dinosaur bone, the holy grail, and your phone number...Which one of those can you help me with
I've had a crush on you for hours now
I have 4% battery remaining. I chose to message you. Did I choose wisely?
I have zero txt game. (Name), what's a good opener?
Do you like to draw?  Because I put the d in raw
Do you like pancakes?  [positive answers only, if she says no then she's just stupid]  Well how about iHop on that ass
Our first date should be at Home Depot, what's your number so we can hammer out the details for us to nail each other
Do you have any raisins? No? Well then, how about a date?
Can I get a picture of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Shall we talk or continue flirting from a distance?
I saw you across the room and knew I had to meet you. What’s your name?
Hi, I saw you and thought, ‘I’m gonna kick myself all night if I don’t at least come over and say Hi.’ So … Hi. What’s your name?
I feel a little embarrassed about this … but I’d like to meet you. What’s your name?
You look really familiar. Have we taken a class together?
If I were a drum I'd let you bang me all night long!
You must be a choir director, because you make my heart sing!
This cello isn't the only big wood between my legs.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are makin' me horny!
I may not be Mumford, but do you want to have my sons?
Let's make some sweet music together, honey.
You can tickle my ivories anytime, baby.
I can make you hit all the high notes!
You had me at cello.
Excuse me, do you believe in premarital sax?
Would you like to play my organ?
I'd like to finger your fret board.
Flute players provide some cheap trills.
I C Major potential in us getting together.
Good boys deserve more than just fudge.
Girl, you give me a tromboner.
Save a drum, bang a drummer.
This reed isn't the only thing I can get wet.
That's a nice set of mallets you have.
Damn girl, you're lookin' sharp!
I'd love to strum your g-string
I just lost my job and may be Baroque, but that doesn't mean I can't show you a good time.
Perhaps you and your friend would like to play a trio with me?
The pads on my MPC2000XL aren't the only thing I'll be banging tonight.
My embouchure is good for more than just playing the trumpet, if you know what I mean.
I bet that flute isn't the only thing you know how to blow.
Slow down girl, you're giving me a woodwind.
You wanna grease my slide?
You must be a fourth or a fifth, because you're just perfect!
I bet we'd get into some serious Treble together.
Call me AC/DC, because I'm gonna rock you all night long!
The Proclaimers would walk 500 miles tocome back home to you, but I'll do you one better. I'll sit through an entire Nickelback concert.
Let's play a love game. I'll be Alejandro, you be Lady Gaga and I'll let you take a ride on my disco stick.
Composers always score.
Are you a fermata? Because I want to hold you.
Do you like Dave Brubeck?Cos I think we need to Take 5.
Would you describe yourself as ternary? Because you have a lovely form.
You're so beautiful, you make me feel like an arpeggiated chord... broken.
Are you a piece of minimalist music? Because I keep seeing you again and again.
You must be marked Prestissimo... because you're dashing.
You must be a C major scale... All natural.
Would you like to borrow my tuner? You're looking pretty sharp to me.
I'm considering a modulation... Because I want to come up to your level.
Did you just move from chord V to chord I? Because I think you're perfect.
Is that an anacrusis? Because you're about to hear a pick-up.
Enough exposition. Let's move this to the development section.
My bowing arm is pretty sore... Because you just made me tremolo.
You make my heart go staccato.
You must be augmented because my love for you won't diminish.
Are you a trumpet player? Because you sure are making me horny.
You're a major part of my life. Without you I'd B Flat.
The tempo of my heart changes from adagio to allegro every time you walk in the room.
You look sharp. Let's go back to my flat and get natural.
If you were a piece of music, I'd love to sight read you all day long.
You must be a choir director...Because you make my heart sing.
You light up my world like a piccolo lights up the sharp side of a tuner.
You and I are like B# and C. We look different, but we are exactly the same.
You had me at cello.
I'm a fermata. Hold me.
Let's get into some treble and go to third bass.
Hey baby, you're on my to-do Liszt tonight.
I bet we can get into some serious Treble together.
Do you believe in love at first set, or should we run it again?
Your calves must ache, because you've been back marching through my mind all day.
Is your name Google? Because you have everything I've been searching for.
You make my software turn into hardware!
Is your name Wi-fi? Because I'm really feeling a connection.
Are you sitting on the F5 key? Cause your ass is refreshing.
You had me atHello World.
Want to see my HARD Disk? I promise it isn't 3.5 inches and it ain't floppy.
You can put a Trojan on my Hard Drive anytime.
You still use Internet Explorer? You must like it nice and slow.
I hope you're an ISO file, because I'd like to mount you.
My servers never go down... but I do!
Hi, my name's Microsoft. Can I crash at your place tonight?
Myup-time' is better than BSD.
Are you an angel, because your texture mapping is divine!
You've stolen the ASCII to my heart.
Are you a computer keyboard? Because you're my type.
You got me stuck on Caps Lock, if you know what I mean.
If you were a web browser, you'd be called a Fire-foxy lady.
How about we do a little peer-to-peer saliva swapping?
Mind if I run a sniffer to see if your ports are open?
Your beauty rivals the graphics of Call of Duty.
If Internet Explorer is brave enough to ask you to be your default browser, I’m brave enough to ask you out!
You must be Windows 95 because you've got me feeling so unstable.
I was hoping you wouldn't block my pop-up.
Want to see my Red Hat?
If you won't let me buy you a drink, at least let me fix your laptop.
You put the SPARC in my workstation.
You're so pretty, I wouldn't even need to use an Instagram filter if I took your photo.
Isn't your e-mail address beautifulgirl@mydreams.com?
I'd switch to emacs for you.
What's a nice girl like you doing in a chatroom like this?
No, that's not a Logitech MX-100 in my pants, but thanks for noticing.
Nice Set of Floppies!
I think you could be an integral part of my project life cycle.
If you have an empty slot, I have the card to fill it.
WebMD says your love is contagious.
Hey, howbout I take off your cover and insert a bigger CPU.
I'd like to play on your laptop.
Where's thelike' button for that smile?
You totally spiked my traffic.
You are the Apple of my i-Mac.
If you were an ISP I'd dial you all day long.
If you were an ebay auction, I'd totallybuy it now'.
You have a trojan? hmm... I think I'll need to take a look at that backdoor.
Come to my 127.0.0.1 and I’ll give you sudo access.
I must be using Apple maps, because I keep getting lost in your eyes.
I'd get a T3 to watch your streaming video.
I'll bet my hard drive is the biggest you've ever seen.
Your homepage or mine?
Hey Baby, Let me hack your kernel.
No, that's not an iPod mini in my pocket. I'm just happy to see you.
You auto-complete me.
I didn't mean to ogle you, but I'd sure like to Google you.
I was wondering if you'd like to go back to My-Space, so I can Twitter with your Yahoo, until I Google all over your Facebook?
If you ever need to get rid of a trojan, don't hesitate to call me!
You're making me feel like I have something in common with these pop-up ads.
What's the difference between a crush and a Facebook account? [what?] I'm not rapidly developing a Facebook account on you.
I need to hop over to Facebook for a second to change my status to smitten.
What do you say we play a game ofWords With More Than Friends?
Roses are #ff0000, violets are #0000ff, all my base are belong to you.
Need me to unzip your files?
Are your pants a compressed file? Because I'd love to unzip them!
I googled your name earlier... I clicked onI'm Feeling Lucky.'
How about we go home and you handle my exception?
If we were connected on Linkedin, I'd endorse you all night long.
I wish you were Broadband, so I could get high-speed access.
Girl, you are hotter than the bottom of my laptop.
I'd ask if you come here often, but I already stalk you on FourSquare.
Can I do a penetration test on your back door?
Can you put a Trojan on my Hard Drive?
Hey girl, can you sit on my laptop?
Can I stick my flash drive in your USB port?
Computer techs have skilled fingers if you know what I mean.
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
That's a nice pair of yoga pants... can I talk you out of them?
I hope you're into yoga, cause you're gonna get a good stretch tonight!
Wow, you're flexible... I'd love to see what you can do outside of class!
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
Do you like yoga? If you do, then Yoganna LOVE me!
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...
Someone better call Babbo, because I'm pretty sure it's illegal to look that good.
Are you the process of trying to graduate under Olin's very specific graduation requirements and rather eclectic course offerings? Because you're hard and I don't understand you but I think I'm going to have to end up doing you anyway.
You're like an Olin microwave. When I turn you on, I lose my cool.
At my college, we doproject-based learning; want to experience it?
Can I send you an iCal for the R2 storage room at 2am?
Fuck/marry/kill: Nick Tatar, Jeff Bezos, me.
It's not tick season and Parcel B's free!
Hey, wanna E! in Parcel B?
Wanna do/learn together?
Wanna codesign?
Do you like Pizza Hut? Because I want to stuff your crust.
You’re like a pizza, Even when you are bad, you’re good.
Just like this pizza, my tongue will also go straight to your thighs.
I’m available with or without sausage.
Are you the pizza man? Because you sure can deliver.
Hey babe, how about a pizza and some sex? (No!) Why not? You don’t like pizza?
I’m like Domino’s Pizza. If I don’t come in 30 minutes, the next one is free.
If you were a pizza and I were cheese, I’d melt over you.
Are you craving some Pizza? Because I’ll gladly give you a pizz-a this dick!
You’re the only topping I need on my pizza.
Will you be the extra cheese to my pizza?
I know this is cheesy, but I think you’re SAUCY! 
Anything you say can and will be used against you… so say my name baby!
If being sexy was a crime, you'd be guilty as charged.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of my bed.
Stop! Don't you know it is illegal to look that fine?
Do you know how fast you were going when you fell from heaven?
Spread em’!!
I have a great idea for those handcuffs.
Bullproof vest? Nah, it's all muscle.
Ever seen a baton this big?
I’d love you to frisk me.
I'm ready to enforce the law of attraction.
I'm writing you a ticket - you’ve got ”fine written all over you.
Is that a gun in your pocket, or are you just happy to see me?
Let's go to my place for some under-cover work.
My cuffs or your cuffs tonight?
Nice uniform, it would look great at the foot of my bed.
I hear cops like a big bust.
Want to plant something on me?
Want to play good cop bad cop?
You have the right to remain silent, but I doubt you will.
What else do you do with that night stick?
I always turn on my siren when I spot a siren.
Did I tell you that I live next door to Dunkin Donuts?
Step out of the vehicle. Walk a straight line into my life.
Stick with me and those lights won’t be the only thing flashing.
I'm not here to bust you... I'm here for your bust.
Are you happy to see me, or is that just a defense mechanism?
Are you broca’s aphasia? Because you leave me speechless.
When you fell from heaven, did it leave you with any lasting emotional scars?
You put me in an altered state of consciousness.
Baby you light up my world like my primary visual cortex.
Are you real, or are you a delusion? Either way, you’re really hot!
Baby I love everything about you not just the fragmented parts of your personality or your cognitive functioning.
I think I’ve just been classically conditioned by your beauty.
Baby you’ll be enhancing the duration of your short term memory tonight... by saying my name all night long!
Hey girl can I get your number in my Long Term memory?
Baby you’re like an independent variable the way you enlarge my bar graph.
Let me show you a relaxation technique not used for systematic desensitization.
Damn Baby, you activate my HPA axis.
Baby, all I see in my Rorschach Tests is me and you!
You make my dopamine levels go all silly.
Can I buy you a shrink?
Are you a conditioned stimulus? Cause you’re making me drool.
Care to teach me more about interpersonal relationships?
Dayum girl you give me some physiological arousal
All three levels of my psyche agree, we need to start dating.
Do you have any raisins? No? Well then, how about a date?
Can I get a picture of you so I can show Santa what I want for Christmas?
Shall we talk or continue flirting from a distance?
I saw you across the room and knew I had to meet you. What’s your name?
Hi, I saw you and thought, ‘I’m gonna kick myself all night if I don’t at least come over and say Hi.’ So … Hi. What’s your name?
I feel a little embarrassed about this … but I’d like to meet you. What’s your name?
You look really familiar. Have we taken a class together?
I may not be able to love, but I do it, like a sex machine baby.
Is it hot in here, or did your internal fan system just crash?
It that a joystick you're holding or are you just happy to see me?
Are those real or were you upgraded in silicone valley?
I'm going to void your warranty!
Were you designed for use on Mars? Because your chassis is out of this world!
You must be tired because you've been running your code through my cpu all night
Nice Bolts wanna screw?
Was your father a thief? Because he stole some titanium bolts and put them in your eyes.
Is that a mirror in your anodized Titanium exterior plating? Because I can see myself in your service port.
Your lips say 0 but your eyes say 1.
Was that my CPU malfunctioning or did I just feel a spark between us?
When you flash your software, my floppy becomes a hard drive.
I hope you have an accelerometer, because I'm gonna rock your world.
Want to grab some Java?
Do you believe in love at first optical recognition, or should I ambulate by your location again?
You, me, here... this couldn't be any better if I programmed the holodeck myself!
Your mouth says,Shields up! but your eyes say,A hull breach is imminent.'
I can't help it -- my eyes are trapped in the gravitational field of your breasts!
Why don't we head to my bedroom, peel back my Star Wars sheets, and discover what a true Jedi can do with his light-saber?
Honey, you've been looking for love in Alderaan places!
I may look like an Ewok, but I'm all Wookie where it counts, baby.
You're the Obi-wan for me.
You stole my heart like the rebels stole the Death Star plans.
Yoda one for me.
I usually Han Solo, but I'd let you turn on my light saber!
What's a girl like you doing in a place like this when there's a Farscape marathon on right now on the Sci Fi channel.
I've been told I have the cool sexual prowess of a Romulan.
Urkuk lu Stalga. That's Klingon forI love you baby.
If you think Chewbacca is hairy, wait until you see my wookie!
Once you make love to a man with Vulcan ears on you never go back.
Howbout I slip into something more comfortable... like these STAR TREK VOYAGER pajamas!
Nice buns, Princess! On your head, that is.
Not only can I beam you aboard, I can beam you a woody.
Tonight this Han doesn’t want to fly Solo!
Someone must have shot you with a phaser set onstunning'.
Tell me of this thing you humans call (pause) love.
I’ve got something big in my torpedo tube.
Baby, we don’t need a holodeck. I’ll make all your fantasies come true.
I’m Wesley Crushing on you.
Thank god I’m not a redshirt, because you’re drop-dead gorgeous
You’re hotter than the flames on Mustafar
Take off your clothes, and let’s start the next generation.
Scanners show sexy life forms in this area... oh, it’s only you.
I feel a great disturbance... in my pants!
Are you from the holodeck? Because you’re too beautiful to be real.
Are you a sith lord? Because I’ve Fallen for you.
Is this the Matrix? Because I think you'rethe one'.
Forgive my Kirk-like boldness, but you wanna go back to my mom's place and watchDr. Who'?
Earth woman, prepare to be probed!
Nice Asimov.
I bet you play soccer, because you're a keeper.
You know... Soccer players can go for 90 minutes and know 11 different positions...
Are you Suarez? Cause I'll let you bite me all night.
If I buy a soccer ball, will you kick it with me?
I won't give you a yellow card if you take off your shirt.
Are you David Beckham? Because I'd bend for you.
I must say, you're more beautiful than the beautiful game.
You wanna score or just knock around my balls?
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
Do you play soccer? Because I think I'm gonna score tonight.
Can I be one of the men in your box?
If you were a soccer ball, I'd never shoot. Because I would always miss you.
I can go 90 minutes without stopping.
I'm like Arsenal: I'll stay on top but I'll finish second.
Baby I can be Spain and you can be Ireland, tonight. In other words, I'm gonna screw you hard!
You're allowed to use your hands in this game.
R4 is red R2 is blue. If I was the force, I'd be with you.
Not a Dagobah that I don't think about you.
Hey, Are you a Jedi Master? Cause, Yoda-Licious!
I'm looking for a Jedi in the streets, but a Sith in the sheets.
I may look like an Ewok, baby, but I'm all Wookie where it counts.
Going somewhere, Solo? .... Want company?
Date me, or do not date me. There is nojust friends'.
Looks like you've got your blaster set to stun... because you're stunning!
Want to create a disturbance in the Force?
Did it hurt when you fell from Cloud City?
I'd like to Han your Solo.
R4 is red R2 is blue. If I was the force, I'd be with you.
Not a Dagobah that I don't think about you.
Hey, Are you a Jedi Master? Cause, Yoda-Licious!
I'm looking for a Jedi in the streets, but a Sith in the sheets.
I may look like an Ewok, baby, but I'm all Wookie where it counts.
Going somewhere, Solo? .... Want company?
Date me, or do not date me. There is nojust friends'.
Looks like you've got your blaster set to stun... because you're stunning!
Want to create a disturbance in the Force?
Did it hurt when you fell from Cloud City?
I'd like to Han your Solo.
I know the air is pretty thin up there, why don't you lay in my bed and catch your breath?
You’re a tall drink of water - and I’m thirsty!
I want to climb you like a jungle gym.
How much does it cost to ride to the top?
I'm 6'7 standing up... and 9 laying down.
I'm tall because... I'm standing on my wallet.
Will you have my NBA babies?
You know, we’re all the same height laying down...
The best part about being this tall is that it is easy to see cute girls like you in a crowd.
You would totally be worth the climb!
I bet that back is real toned from keeping the rest of you upright.
Do you play basketball?
I'm six-foot-six and EVERYTHING is in proportion.
I'm six-foot-five, but I'd like to be six feet under you
You are tall enough to ride this ride!
Can you do me a favor and grab me that book off the shelf for me... and then hand me your phone number?
You know, it's been a while since I climbed a tree.
If everything was in proportion, I'd be 9'3
(One tall person to another) Finally, someone I can see eye-to-eye on everything with!
(One tall person to another) It's nice how easy it is for us to check each other out across the room. We should go sit down somewhere though so the next tallest people have a chance.
If we were playing tennis, I’d let you score all the points so I’ll always be in Love.
Do you want to be my doubles partner for life?
Wanna play some tennis? I got one racket and two balls.
Are you Roger Federer’s ground strokes? Cause baby you’re so elegant.
Excuse me miss, could you hold my balls while I get my huge racket out of my bag?
If you will be my racket, I’ll be your ball. Serve me.
You know what else is a nice match? You and me.
I grunt harder than anyone else on the tennis courts.
Girl, are you a lob? Cause I'm going to smash you
I’m not a tennis player but I’ll still grunt if you hit my balls.
Is that a ball in your pocket or are you just excited to see me.
I’m happy to fetch your balls for you. You hit them as hard as you like.
You’re looking like a tennis ball. I just wanna hit it.
If you can return my serve, I’ll return your call.
Your court or mine?
For you, I’d give unlimited lets.
Play tennis here often?
Tired of singles? Let’s play some doubles.
Trust me, the only time I’d play games with you is on the court.
Girl get rid of those Dunlop balls, you deserve better.
Care to knock a few balls with me?
I will give you Yonex, you can give me Head.
So, what’s your favorite stroke?
Smash or pass? In tennis I’ll do both.
I can hurl it 130 MPH down the middle.
That was a pretty deep shot girl, but I’ll be even deeper inside..
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
That's a nice pair of yoga pants... can I talk you out of them?
I hope you're into yoga, cause you're gonna get a good stretch tonight!
Wow, you're flexible... I'd love to see what you can do outside of class!
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
Do you like yoga? If you do, then Yoganna LOVE me!
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...
Hey Girl! Can I touch you more than 3 times?
I may play short but I go deep.
Why set and spike when we could just bump uglies?
Are you a volleyball? Because I dig you.
I see you’re good at receiving balls. Wanna receive some tonight?
Those spandex really make your butt look better than usual.
Do you play volleyball? Because you look like your good on your knees.
If i was a volleyball. I’d let me hit you all day.
I like how you served that last ball, why don’t you serve up your number next?
Do you want to play volleyball, I have two balls you can play with.
Are you a tip? Because you’ve got me on my toes.
If you were a volleyball girl, I’d wear your shirt in the off season.
If you were a volleyball, I’d hit you hard from different positions.
I’m a good ball handler, what about you?
Are you a volleyball? Because I’d dive for you anytime.
Are you wearing SPF 150? Cause that was one serious block!
Hey girl, You can serve me underhand if you like.
Hey, you wanna pass with me?
I don’t think you have to warm up, because you’re already looking hot.
I’d get on my knee pads for you quickly.
Hey baby, If I serve my heart to you, would you get it?
Hey there number 2. Would you like to be my number 1.
I want to lock you in a room and watch you play beach volleyball.
Wow seeing you dive really turns me on.
Damn, I'm now gonna have to rewrite my Zombie Plan to include you.
Did it hurt when you fell from Heaven? Or when you landed on that sharp stick? You should probably take that out, you know.
Hey girl, I'd love to eat your brains out
Do you have a little zombie in you? Would you like some?
Am I Daryl Dixon? Because I have an arrow and I'd like to penetrate you.
Hurry! Walkers are almost here, say you'll go out with me!
Are you a Walker? Because you just walked away with my heart.
Are you a zombie? [no] Want some?
Are you into necrophilia?
I Chews Chews Chews You!
Hey, wanna Rigor my Mortis?
Are you Michonne's cat? Because you are just too damn gorgeous!
Are you tired? Because you've been dragging your feet around my mind all day
Your beauty is eating away at my heart.
How many walkers will it take for me to kill until you have sex with me?
Hey. You look kinda cute with those twisted legs, torn off jaw and eye dangling on your cheek
Are those maggots in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?
It is the end of the world. Let's make love until we feel alive again.
I have no idea where Carl is, but I'm 100% sure that I want you.
I like my sex how I like to kill Walkers: quick and dirty
You could bounce a quarter off that asana!
You've got great posture. I'd love to see you flow sometime.
Is it hot in this Bikram studio, or is it just you?
There's nothing humble about my warrior.
Are you doing Ananda Balasana, or are you just happy to see me, baby?
That's a nice pair of yoga pants... can I talk you out of them?
I hope you're into yoga, cause you're gonna get a good stretch tonight!
Wow, you're flexible... I'd love to see what you can do outside of class!
I'd let you Chataranga over me any day!
Wanna join me for some downward doggy-style tonight?
Do you like yoga? If you do, then Yoganna LOVE me!
My Cobra pose isn't the only thing that's rising upward.
I can think of an activity that'll make you sweat even more than a 90 minute hot yoga class...